DREEMCREEM HOTEL AND MAID X X X

J Cat > Hi this is Johnathin 

J Cat > I've come to with a lot of cash recently and I want to spend it on something good, but I have no idea. Where would I find such a great thing it is worth a lot of money?

Creem > We have to have a better idea of what kind of cash your talking about. Would you like a cottage or a luxury hotel?

J Cat > I'm thinking something on the side of a modestly size but expensive housing complex, 14 flats or so would do.

Creem > I think we can make a deal. Here's a roster for your approval, and your accomodation as long as you can provide upkeep. [19013.txt]

About hundred grand per day, for... yes. I need this.

---1

I'm J Cat, Johnathin.

Here I am. I finally arrived at Sequin Drive. 

It's a single large house about the size of a mansion. The staff are the primary attraction. Having such a building is old news to me. Most of the rooms contain personnel who take care and serve the tenents. Technically I can sell and rent the services I puchased, the staff, and rent any rooms. The people here would love me all the more for treating them well, and it's the love I'm after. So I've written a script I want to follow.

"Welcome to the establishment Master."

First to greet me was a lovely maid dressed up in a leather skirt and a thin t-shirt. She is slim and pretty. Her skin is barely tanned. Her hair in a ponytail. I can smell her sweat, she must exercise a lot and very recent. Her nipples protrude from a decent rack causing her shirt to billow. My dick is already hard and I barely made the observation, she's real, and just like her picture.

"Johnathin."

When I introduce myself her face pinches. She moves her lips a little out and in again. I think she's trying to fake a smile but then I realize she's grinding her hips. Maybe she's already excited? Does she like me? I like her we could be great together.

Technically I already purchased the entire building, sight unseen, but I know the personnel. I was given a roster. Photos. I've seen her and gotten a description of how she'll behve. Keep her waiting, she loves the chase. Keep her horny, she'll be extra sweet to you. Treat her nicely and she'll end the chase.

"Thank you, Lacey, I'll let myself in."

I walk past and close the door. Lacey is left standing outside with an angry grin on her face. I'm sorry, I think to myself, it's for the best I don't screw up. I'm following a script. They're here to enjoy this slice of heaven I ordered. The tension I can barely stand it.

++++
Lacey wants to be treated like she's nothing, like she's a decoration. A quick glance made me decide it was the right move, she stays standing outside unflinching. I look around admiring the scenery alone.

I can't take it any longer and I open the door and hold her elbow, to lead her in.

She's aroused. The requirement is to be very rough, so she'll stay that way. I had anticipated this and with excitement I run my hand up her leg to feel what she has done with her body. Amazing it feels just like I thought. Everthing is smooth, sweaty, slick. She is shorter than me by a foot and the scene probably looks like a prowler broke into the house and forced himself on an unlucky woman. I decided to play that role. Damn the script, this is the right thing.

"Kneel." I help her kneel down. My cock was out for just long enough I could relax, touching the air for a second I was afraid it'd pee from the sense of relief, and then I begin rubbing it all over Lacey's admiring face. She opens her mouth ready to be used like a doll and I oblige this by very gently rubbing along her lips, then in, deeper past her teeth, slowly I can feel her tongue reach it. I only go deep enough for head, her tongue holding me out, and can't quite cum from the sensation.

I realize my neck is bent back, and I can't enjoy her face like that. I look down and see her tongue sticking out. Her arms glide up above her head. I hold onto them.

To keep up my forceful image with her I'll have to hurt her while we have sex, but I'm not quite certain I can come to so brutal an act even to satisfy her. How far would I go to please her? Haven't even said more than a few cursory words and I'm taking advantage of the master servant relation. Can I really deepthroat her like a rapist in this fashion and cum?

My dick is still in my pants and I feel the urge to tug at my underwear.

This isn't real.

---- 

I snap out of it. The daydream ends. My cock feels like it's sore and bloodshot. Her profile from the roster was so intense and now I see her body profile to boot. I can hardly stop thinking about it. I need a few minutes to calm down. Breathe deep, in, out. I speak loudly with authority.

"I'd like a tour of the place. Bring me to the game room!"

A stout large breasted girl with horns and downy eyes comes out. I'm on guard. I recognize her. This one I must keep my eyes on.

"Pleasant knowing you."

Lucille, I take her to be the danger I ordered. Wasn't her comment a bit off? It is fortunate I have her on my side just from the purchase. I requested her because of her reputation for churning the pot. She gets away with some serious shit and provides evidence later.

"What a disappointing display from my new staff. I will discipline everyone here immediately. Lucille wasn't it? First take me to my game room and then bring me my game."

With a hot downward look, the fucking devil of a woman heaved her chest and ran a finger over her chin. Cleavage supreme, her waist looked slender and soon I was staring at her ass, it seems she only intended to turn around and guide me but then a light breathe became audible.

"This man seems to think he can give me orders. Here is your game room as you demanded."

She's a smug titmouse.

"Your name is Lucille isn't it? I am Johnathin. I hope we can work together. And the other women?"

"I'm sure they heard you and have begun to dress."

They could be naked? I must see their candid side, or their nudity, both sound exciting.

"No. Make them come now, without any changes."


A fire lit in Lucille's eyes and a red flash over her body, which immediately subsided. Or maybe I remember wrong.

"Done. I think they'll be incapacitated for a while."

There it was, her sinister nature revealed itself. Taking my earnest remark and twisting it into a corrupted wish. I feel like I haven't handled it yet, but then I thought about Lacey at the door.

"Did you just do something?"

"Yes."

My erection was throbbing like it'd burst. I had a plan. What did she do to my plan? She starts to laugh and almost hysterically her eyes water. This is what I was waiting for, but I didn't expect it so soon. An emotional demolition of the women around her, she claims things that are impossible, but later prove to be true.

"Lucy. I'm nicknaming you Fat Slut. If you ever try to spoil my fun I will sell you back to the company."

She seemed to be listening and continued to behave confused and outburst in a new spurt of tears before wiping them away. I really feel like I needed to spend a thick wad of cum now. I wanted everyone there to see me enjoy my moment. But she struck the first blow. Now all I've got is her, in this game room, and no other women.

++++
Just fuck her silly. You earned it.

"Slut. Hey hey, stupid. The girls aren't coming, because you screwed them. Take your clothes off and get on your knees. Hold your head up, this will only take a fat minute. I want you to remember today like it's the first time you ever fucked."

I pounded her raw with a great view of her slimy asshole and thick soft back muscles. There was an amazing amount of saliva on the floor, I guess she really took it hard when I came I thought my legs wouldn't stop shaking. And then her legs didn't stop until I pulled out. She screamed "master" which begs me to fuck again, but I withheld.

I made a mental note that girls like her need to be on camera because holy fuck. A woman.. no, an evil bitch getting off against her will is priceless. I ought to demote her immediately. "Bitch you probably think you're on top of the world now but you're about to hit the bottom." I pull out. I then get a collar and bind her neck. She looks so good naked with nothing but a collar on her thic curves look like they want to shake each movement of her.

"Slut, wake up. Wipe yourself off and bring a leash with you. We're going to my studio."

We make a video. It naturally takes me much longer and I think I break her. After I mount from behind she comes each time my hand slaps her ass and each time I thrust. I didn't fuck her ass but it is quite the target, a level up goal, or her next demotion. I choke her by pulling on the leash a bit. It felt nice making the demon slut submit. I made a good purchase, there are other girls like this one, but less dangerous. She has permission to put clothes back on, with the collar in place. She has to do whatever the other girls want. 

The perversion of having such power and losing control was delectable. I can't wait to find out what she does to even the score so I can take out my anger on her again. 

I spent half a day psyching myself up for NOTHING.

So that didn't happen.

----

"Oh crap", dick so hard I was impotent, I spent the next hour knocking wood. "I'm the new owner Johnathin. Just come to the game room, please."

I guess there's a fine line between fantasy and reality.


---2

"We're all here now. I'm glad you could make it this time. I noticed none of you were at the door." Lacey was there, lacey was there. No, the script.

I get a good look at them. 

All the girls in the game room stand on a wide row against the wall. They're dressed up differently from swimwear to ripped jeans. Many of them appeared to have wet themselves. 

I can't possibly take advantage of the situation to my fullest. On second hand I have a magic wench who's a loose screw. 

"Everyone welcome Fat Slut." And I point right at Lucille. Some of the girls look surprised. Maybe I could use her to titillate the situation more.

"That's not nice."

Slut is wearing the collar. I'm surprised. Just a moment. "Fat Slut abused you girls and I'm just taking it out on her." I thought that wasn't real, did she read my crib notes?

"Her name is Lucille."

I pull at her collar and instruct her to say a pledge I wrote down, "Anyone wearing one of these loses all privileges to the other girls. So repeat after me: Fuck me I'm a little pig." 

"Please do what we agreed to."

That wasn't right. I paid so much to make the girls behave like obedient servants. And this is the reality. Some of them aren't going to get with the program. For now I've disarmed the bomb but there are others, perhaps not all of them got the message.

"If any of you were bothered thank the slut. Don't loosen her ass though, that will have to wait."

I took the tidiest looking girl and had her show me my room. Candy is dressed in a neat uniform and didn't at all mind being towed away from the other girls. The rest of the group give her a smirk to avoid looking jealous. 

++++

I take a moment for some hopeful thoughts.

Every girl takes a turn riding Lucy with strap ons. She has to learn a lesson out of this. They fuck the shit out of Fat Slut one at a time talking about things I didn't quite catch.

----

I don't know. I think I heard some squeaks like they were fighting. But the group is too far away now.

I felt my eyelids closing from exhaustion. Candy, I took another look at her. I could force her to pleasure me, my mind is so painfully out of focus. Turning them all into airheads wasn't a good idea. Still, I size her up. She's cute and has a fat butt and slim waistline. Maybe she'd be good cuddle buddy.

"Are you feeling tired too?"

The smile on her face says no, but she was ready to entertain me.

"If you want I can help you." She offers.

"No thanks, but I think I'd like to show you something. Just enjoy watching it with me." I take out a DVD and pop it under the TV set.

Candy removes her uniform and she has on a button white shirt. I get a better view of her, her hips are THICC and she has a nice waist she could maybe hip dance for everyone later. Each moment of the video stimulates my lust. I can't really sleep and my eyes repeatedly drift to my partner. When the scene starts on video the slut is all in the open with her tits touching the floor and elbows and knees.

Candy looks at the screen entranced. As the male actor gets ready to fuck the demon slut on screen Candy seems to understand her position. I can see between her butt-cheeks from where I am. A very stiff cock presses between the cracks of a thick hipped demonic minx. Her horns glint in the studio lighting and she props herself on her hands, her back beginning to arch. Her tits start to move around with the gravity and her swaying. She sticks her tongue out slightly and bites it. She reaches up to rub her tits. Drool spills out her mouth, no doubt remembering the practice I forced on her.

The leash goes into the actor's hand and pulls taught. Aaaand fuck! Bouncing, bouncing, titties bouncing. Her whole body is bouncing with each thrust. I clearly remember the way her pussy felt, like it was actually pulling me. 

Candy's fondling her clit and her pussy looks inviting. She's imitating the face expression of the girl on TV like she's trying to work her emotions out. Even if I fucked Candy like on the video she wouldn't be like that. The situation, I had to grip her complexity. Screwing her outright wouldn't teach her anything.

I calm down.

"Would you like a drink?"

The offer was wine prepared by someone beforehand. Candy looks at me momentarily and back at the video. Her hand slides over my crotch and into my pants. I am excited immeasurably like if I could I'd shoot my load into her moist warm hand.

After a while the spanking and fireworks begin on TV. Candy mounts me reverse cowgirl and watches a lewd beating. She's laughing and trying to milk me with her hands. 

I spank her lightly to see her ass jiggle. She looks back briefly. The male actor finishes. The final act of sexual congress looks unreal. Candy stops moving and plays with herself. I can feel her come very light rubbing me on her wet entrance.

It seems to be over. She turns off the TV and the lights then lies in front of me. Her hand touches my penis again and inserts me into her while we're on our sides.

I feel like I'm falling asleep but still aroused I wake up feeling good until I don't remember I was having sex. There is sweat and soreness like I've been played with too hard. My hand is touching Candy's stiff nipple.

I wake up.


---

Good times. I feel so horny I want to do her again.

---
---


---3

Candy's asleep. 

I grabbed some ropes and hogtied her so her fat ass will be visible on my way back in the room. I feel a bit ruthless after finally nailing the first girl of the day.

On my way to the breakfast a few fine fawns are astray. I mean, women who stare blankly at me. They've come from the women's bath. My stomach grumbles but I'm excited, "Flash me the goods." Spoken jovially with a smile. The girls bounce like perky things and jiggly butts. One nice tall girl with amazing exotic skin just kind of shows her leg. Well I'm into it. I go straight to the women's bath to claim the stragglers.

Some sudsy slits and gleaming skin around the showers. I have three women line up on the wall and inserted my excited penis in each one for about 10 seconds and tell them, "Be prepared for this again tomorrow, tell others to be here." Today I had a catch waiting for me in my room. I wasn't going to let her down. To taste every girl like this in one day and cum at the best times. The thought has crossed my mind. Now that I'm in full gear it's happening.

I return to my room in a robe taken from one of the bigger women and tell Febe'a to fetch extra for her, and bring my robe to the women's bath tomorrow. Calmly. Gradually. Letting the thought embroil my lust. I sneak back to my room. I'm about 10 minutes late for breakfast Candy.

Candy! 

Voices?

"Did you enjoy the master. Did he put it in here."

More vulgar grunts than talking. Anger instead of actual questioning. Behind the short and THICC Candy is an even shorter doll-like exotic woman. She moves around. I see Candy getting fucked by a very spiky vibrator. The bed is also shaking fiercely. I believe this woman came intending to wake me up. I have to watch this bearing in mind I left Candy undefended. They are so close to finishing. I see the bed shaking. Candy's all red and squeezing her toes repeatedly making a huffing noise and she's so cute.

That doll, I recognize her, it's Misty. She has her black hair tied up in a long genie ponytail, like a banana. It's waving behind her. Her skirt is short. Her panties keep slipping in and out of view as her lower half dances for my eyes. I can't take this, she's had just as much sex as I have at this point, with the same woman, and I'm paying. The girls didn't leap into my embrace. 

I can't believe I own this place for a few years.