SINGLESQUEEZE.CUM

J Cat > Hi this is Johnathin 

J Cat > I've come to with a lot of cash recently and I want to spend it on something good, but I have no idea. Where would I find such a great thing it is worth a lot of money?

D2Service > There are some girls that practically care about nothing but cash.

Girls.

J Cat > Sounds great.

------------

I rented a penthouse for just fourty grand tonight. My previous purchase didn't give me all I had expected.

The girls showed up. They let themselves into the livingroom. I had the impression they would all be high class prostitutes like those who make televised confession tapes. They were quite young, barely legal even. This is the trouble of not getting information ahead of time.

There is a cute mousey one, I have her suck me off slowly while I talk to the others.

"You can each have a minute to tell me the juiciest sex fantasy you can fulfill. When I'm about to blow my load I'm giving it to the best story teller."

"I'm Sky. Well I like anal-"

"Stop there, you need to make it a fantasy. I don't need to know about preference. First one to think of one start."

"I'm Silva. Sometimes when I'm doing my workout I get so tired I think 'it would be so easy for a guy to...' and I play with my vibrator."

"Ok girls I want you to..."

As odered, the other girls hold her down but she's a bit too tough. Eventually she's bound on a chair with rope with her pussy exposed and a ball gag in her mouth.

"MMf."

"Next. And keep sucking on my cock girl you're making the head swell up it's so good."

"While tying up Silva I couldn't stop thinking about playing with her for a while."

"Granted. You go play with her."

She was very gentle.

"I'm afraid to say something now."

I look at the one who spoke.

She smiles at my gaze, she looks intent on avoiding eye contact.

"Get up and strip. I'll think of something."

She had to. Then she was about to unbutton.

"Nah do your panties first."

She drops her panties without taking off her skirt. I see a shaven bikini area. She's standing there, waiting for my next order.

"Come here and kneel so I see your ass."

I'm getting more turned on and the blowjob feels really...

"Slow down. Less head. Make it hard."

A girl speaks up now, "I picture you shoving that fat cock into her wet pussy a moment before you come." Then she titters.

Everyone who can starts watching closer.  I want to use her but I've already got lips and a butt. I slap the butt. I can't think. I slap her butt.

"Shit."

I lay on top of the girl in doggy position and practically pop my eyes out. My dick creams along her leg, and out half my load before I slam at the entrance of her pussy.

"Don't fight bitch."

I get in and shoot the rest of my load. She's probably more shocked by my bodyweight, the heat of my stream cooling off her leg now. Her mouth needs to be shut so I pull her head around to clean up my dick. I remember I'm stuck in still, and it kind of yanks free when I stand up.

"Lick it clean." I say.

Another girl wipes her off and does a 'good as new' slap on her butt.

While resting I have the girls in another room, and I think about escalating. I come back in.

"Time for blindfolded blowjobs."

There was one tied up girl with a ball gag who didn't participate until the end of the treat. I brought the girls to the other room.

"Everyone take one of these dildos. When we go back you only touch her with these. I'll use my dick on her but I want erm... you" pointing at a random girl, "to play with her face, remove her gag and keep putting this dildo in and out like you want to pleasure it."

That was fun.