Hi this is Johnathin.

I've come to with a lot of cash recently...

I want to spend it on something good, but I have no idea...

Where would I find such a great thing...

Is it worth forgetting about money and women?

---1

+1: Isn't there something better than money?

Who's that?

+1: I'm your fantasy... no I lied silly I'm really here to tell you, to forget it.

I don't... can I see you?

A fairy appears.

"With money you can make anything happen. I will show you how."

She's less than a hand with tall and floating in the air.

"Yep. That's a fairy."

She make a face and touches it with both her hands. Her butt raises up and she swivels at me. No panties.

"I grab... air."

She starts a long monologue.

"No touching. The law of the universe and all that."

I go outside.

Mostly she waves her finger around for a while, explaining continuity, causality, entropy. 

"With enough cash you can change just about anything. Holding this perfume bottle, I'll know when you want me."


She implies there's a perfume bottle in my pocket. I touch it, there's some anatomical similarity to her body shape. 

Oh my god is the bottle actually a naked fairy? 

I pull it out slightly and it's glass, the features difficult to see, but it's quite clearly not just any perfume bottle. So, this is pretty close to fingering her each time I want her. The chest was bigger than the real version, I stare at the fairy's little nips.

"Wish while touching, I'll charge you a pile of cash and it will come true. Look there! Do her! Do her in the ass! She's a hole that's a goal. Bone her like your dick is on fire."

I finished walking a while ago and we're in a restaurant.

Perverted angel aside the cute young woman was totally my thing. She said I'd owe her money for anything I want?

"Hello. I'm Joh... Jano. Could you come with me?" Crap I didn't have to lie.

"Hello. I don't know."

I feel for that bottle. Yes the smooth butt I was thinking about is there.

"Come with me."

"No."

That liar. What's her name anyway? I'll call her Angel.

"Angel it's not working. Angel!"

+1: Yes? By the way that's not my name.

"I don't care. You aren't working."

+1: Hold your wallet in the other hand. Later you can access bigger cash quantities just by thinking about them.

I'm around the corner and I do that. This time I wish the girl would come and beg me face down ass up, that's the way we like to...

"Sir."

"Who's there?"

"Sir I'm sorry please do what you want with my worthless body."

I look down and she's there, her ass in the air, head down.

Walking away immediately.

"Wow what a rush. Angel it worked!"

+1: Good but you wasted your money. You're supposed to fuck girls silly. Silly.

I check my wallet and it was empty except my cards. Thinking about it now, my dick gets hard. I walk back and the girl's not there. I look around the corner and she's back to normal.

I ask for her attention, "Hello did you want to do something for me?"

"Why would I?"

Damn. Damn it. Damn.

"Damn." 

I'm back home so I think out loud.

"Damn. Angel!"

+1: Stop calling me out loud. Just think of me.

@+1: Angel. I want the money back.

+1: That's not my problem. Why don't you just wish for a better brain and stop being silly?

She's right. I get all the loose change I have together.

I shove my index up her butt like I was sexing her glass body, "I wish for the most lecherous fantasies, and the power to use them!"

+1: YOU IDIOT!  For that wish I require a million dollars. You can have you first baby fantasy with this chump change shit.

The cash disappears. Nothing changes. But while I'm dreaming I'm humping the pillow raw, until I wake up. Worthless.

I gather all the cash I can from the bank each day saving it up and get a phone call.

Female rep, "Hi this call is being monitored. Have you been keeping track of your bank account?"

"Yes."

Touch Bottle. 

@+1: I will listen to this woman have phone sex for a hundred.

"I am turned on by the thought of a man who has such big margins. My sister and I could come over and offer our bodies to you. I'm feeling myself now. How big is your dick so I can imagine sucking on it?"

"Are you satisfied with this call?"

Some back chatter.

"My manager needs to speak. I'm sorry."

"Don't. I'm John. What would you do if you were here?"

@+1: I want this woman to climax screaming my name.

Probably fingering herself, "I work here for hours. I could be sucking your cock all day if I were there."

That sounds...

Ms. Rep forgets her duty and continues the fantasy, "Sometimes I'm so wet from having to talk to people I masturbate between sessions."

She breathes in deep. Her voice goes up an octave.

"I rub baby oil on my ass and my clevage is bare for your desires. My sister is next. I can barely fit you in me."

"Oh! Oh John! Oh John! AAAH!"

"I'm going to be fired! Fu-ck."

Me, sardonic, "I guess you're fired. How old are you?" I hang up.

So, it works. I touch an attache case and thumb the fairy bottle's cheek.

@+1: I want that girl I met at the restaurant. It'll be painless for her, she'll enjoy whatever I do. She should be suspended from ropes like the video online, perfectly aligned for my pecker to reach her.

Some of my money was gone from the attache case I have. I don't know how much.

---2

It was a couple of days later. I came back and the door was ajar.

"Help. I was kidnapped and brought here. There were lots of men." She is hanging chest down, legs up. I lick my lips in anticipation.

"I can help. Some bad men did this? Here." 

Filling my mouth with her ass I lick all the sweat off.  It's gross but satisfying I can use her like this.

A few hours later I figure out how to lower her so she's suspended by her elbows.  Her glance is laden with anger and misplaced affection after I keep groping her and wiping her off with my wet tongue but she cooperates.

"Good girl, suck on me while you calm down." He does and seems to get pretty horny doing it. Staring at her ass like this makes me want to...

My sore ballsack grazing her vulva I repeatedly finger her butt and try to stick my penis in. The anal violation that ensued, neither of us were prepared. I can barely remember anything but her delightfully intoxicating laughter spurring me on and the final spurt of cum.

I pull out and walk to the cash.

@+1: I want us to cum like that every time.

+1: Each time has to be a separate wish.

@+1: Fine. When I cum down her throat... I want it to be like her ass.

+1: She won't have any memory of this, at all, you wished she wouldn't feel pain so she won't pursue anal sex with other men based on this experience.

I victoriously walk back and shove it all down her throat.  The rush of cum makes her neck bulge. Her eyes happily stare up and she swallows, apparently enjoying it just as much as me. I can't get enough.

+1: Now while I do her all over I want to keep cumming like that.

I ran out of money on hand. I came twice in her vagina and once more while playing with her body, unexpectedly. She came too, her enjoyment part of the wish.

Ability note: I can link my orgasm to the women I have sex with for a price.

I let her go and clean her in the shower. She dresses and goes out. She really doesn't want to leave. I grab what's left on the floor for a wish.

@+1: She should get home safe.

+1: That's already granted. No matter what you do, destiny won't change. That tiny bit of cash you picked up is insulting as well.

@+1: What if she would have died today, without me wishing for it?

+1: You're not powerful enough to change that.

Oh no. I get a journal and write down all the girls I'm interested in. Starting with a girl I abused while trying out my new power. I may not be powerful enough yet, but one day I won't let any of the girls come to harm, so I can play with them later.

+1: You're not making any money like that.

@+1: Earlier. Did you tell me the future for free?

+1: I'm granting wishes for money, nothing more.

She's screwing with me. That fairy prick. I put my finger over her glass mouth momentarily and give up, no reaction.

---3

After many years I withdraw half of my bank account and spend almost all of it sleeping with women I encounter at random.

+1: I'm giving you a level up. Congratulations. Now you just have to think about what you want to spend. You no longer have a physical limit.

"Good. I feel sick. For what it's worth. I want my body to be free of burden, with strength overflowing."

+1: It was a pleasure doing business with you. I'm leaving until you get more money.

"Wait!"

My body twitches and flies across the room. Is this the power I wished for?

My keys slip out of my fingers when I get ready to go out. Apparently I'm out of cash, and out of luck.

Can I grab my crotch? Nope. What happened? 

I go outside and get on a bus without paying. By some miracle the driver doesn't care. A woman asks me if I'm busy.

"No I just need to get some quick cash."

"You come with me. I'll give you all you need."

She's not great looking, but I'm erect, my years of practice and surging libido betraying me.

"Oh let me get that."

We fuck on that seat right there, and between orgasms she takes out all her cards and talks money.

The next girl behind us is with her mom. She also rides my dick. Her mom pays out and gives me a warm blowjob after.

After getting off the bus a guy attacks me but he misses, completely, and drops begging for forgiveness. His girlfriend was scoping me. So I take his money and she walks me to a place she likes.

While eating my dick is hard because she's playing with it, I tell her I'll be her dessert and she obliges, how else, by sucking me off.

+1: I see you have money again. It could be enough for a wish or two.

@+1: New plan. I need to earn money. People are just throwing it at me now.

+1: You have $500,000 already.

@+1: What?

+1: Didn't some of the women pay with cards? That's how it works now. Just touch an object and you have complete command of it.

I touch the girl who's sucking me off. I imagine her staring up and stuffing me all the way down her throat.

Her eye rolls up at me. The girl makes a gurgling noise as she barely manages to swallow my cock whole and with a little glint of lust in her she licks my balls oh so lovingly. It really worked.

Someone comes in.

"There's the guy with Nanga."

I look down.

"Is your name Nanja?"

The thirsty girl looks down, checking to see if she's still sucking on me? And up again, then moves her head carefully 'yes'.  Essentially reverse throat fucking me with her answer sent me to heaven then.

@+1: I want to spend what I've earned to make the women in their group force the men to leave, then only the attractive ones will remain.

+1: Less 125 thous.

That's fair. That's almost nothing.

The scenario changed, girls started walking up, talking to me. They looked interested in helping but didn't interrupt my Nanja time. I began to interact with them in a more proactive way.

"You two, come closer and rub your tits together."

"She's married and I've been trying to see her naked all year."

"Thanks for volunteering information... One of you show me your breast, and then the other. Both are decent, now rub, rub your bare titties together."

I came, the women paying me weren't exactly my type. I got to enjoy Nanja taking me straight into her belly, and she didn't stop. All the girls lined up to give me something to look at but I refused to pull out until I had a better offer.

One woman was tempted enough to offer substituting herself. She opened her mouth and I saw to the back of her throat.  She pulled her blouse down so her cleavage was visible.

"Well... ok."

A few times a new girl came like this and swallowed me down to the balls. I started falling asleep the pleasure never subsided. A few hours later more women came in dressed up like cosplay.

@+1: Angel have I spent any money in the past couple hours? I need to know how this is working.

+1: No. Your physical abilities were augmented, you can cum every time your mental pleasure and physical parameters meet a new high each day. That wish was very potent and used all your money.

@+1: So I was broke but women started throwing themselves at me and handing over cash to boot. Is there some way I can fairly earn money? I think I got more than I deserved earlier just for receiving pleasure.

+1: You asked me before to remind you. You need all the money you can get. To answer your question, however, you could wish for better solutions than robbing or enslaving everyone; that's the way you handled things in your past, as a manager.

@+1: I want everyone to back away and I'll fuck Angel as an anatomical woman. Then she'll have to obey me without spending extra time giving me the lip I don't order.

---4

The mood was good. I was still in blowjob overdrive afterglow. The throat around my clock slipped away and the girls seemed to lose interest. They sat down together and talked casually.

"How many times did he..."

"My pussy is so wet I need to get the edge off. Does someone have a vibrator?"

"I'm so sick of his face. I wanted to bury my face down his crotch like you. He kept looking at me without saying anything, is my makeup messy?"

They're really talking about me. Were they still part of the fantasy?

I saw angel slowly come up with a body-fit dress. I can't... she looks like a whore with fairy wings.

"Stop. Go back."

"But your wish."

I stand up.

"You're... short"

I touch her gently.

"You don't feel real, like a pillow."

"I'm what most men want."

She accuses me of not being manly?

"You know what. I touched you already. Now you have to come with me."

We go back home.  In the afternoon light I see her fairy coloration is unreal like nightclub makeup.

"I'm tired. Carry me."

"Ok..."

I pick her up and slap her ass in public.

"Did you have long enough to rest?" She seems to forget my augmented libido because of her asking.

We get back home.

"Let's play a video game. If I win I'll do whatever I want to you. You can complain all you like."

"If I win you have to spend more money and, and you can't wish me into human form again just because you feel like it."

She rubs her butt. I pick her up and she fights it, then I kiss her butt.

"Better?"

We play a fighting game, and hands down I win, and she's in tears. For the next three days I'm inside her outside and practicing 'fighting moves'.

"Is there a better way to fuck you?"

"You never asked anything about me. There are others... oh no."

"Noted... remind me the next time I need something to do. What I mean is, I want to push the envelope as far as possible without ending this. I want to know how I could end it too."

"Sigh. You can kill me and I'll become a fairy again, but my body will stay here."

"What I'm getting at is, you can hurt me, a lot more than just, just sexually, and I'm going to heal rapidly."

I kick her in the stomach with minimal strength. I roll her up in the bedsheet. Her pussy juices are squeezed out. Then I have sex with her until she passes out, and unroll her.

"How long until you finally kill me?"

"Why are you so eager to die? How long have we known each other? Maybe if you provide my erection with comfort, I'll give you what you want."

She gave a long sigh, masking a crack in her voice, then she made a startled giggle.

I have a great question, "Is there some way you can enjoy sex 24/7 the way I do now?"

She resists answering for several minutes.

"You can modify my abilities at will since you touched me."

She covers her mouth.

"Don't don't don't please don't. This has happened before."

I want angel to have the sensation of an orgasm when she thinks of me.

"Is..."

She cums. She gets mad and cums. She cums when she cums staring at me until she shuts her eyes.

Undo. I want angel to be unable to orgasm for any reason. But if we're having sex she'll cum at the same time as me.

"You bastard." She says with a voice full of exhaustion.

I mount her vagina. She's quiet like a masturbatory aide now.

I want to start cumming now, until I lose interest.

"Oh shit that's nice."

So for the next century (or so it feels) we both have a very long orgasm. Our genitals are trapped, in an endless war of simultaneous contractions.

I beat her ass until it bleeds. I give her what she wants.  The sensation of her welcoming warm depths changes. I decide to stop momentarily. She should wake up in the form of a cute dog-like girl, and other people just see her as a dog if she runs away.

+1: No you didn't. I was a fairy you asshole. I was enjoying that.

"Yip."

She's awake, but her habits are involuntary and compulsive like she's absorbed the brain of a horny female dog.

---5

"Angel how long has it been?"

"Four days."

"Good. I've just about gotten my bearings. You'll be addicted to my cock forever because of how dogs mate."

"Yes Alpha. My bitch cunt needs a big alpha c... cock. Ha Hi Yii. I've always loved you let's make babies. Call me a good doggie one more time please. Please. I'm a good doggie."

After she became a dog and we mated again she couldn't stop spending time doting over me.

"Good dog. I think you should show me more female fairies. You are required to transform back and behave like normal to trick them as long as I see fit. But you'll remember our time like this."

"Yes! Yes! Ahem..." She disappears, and returns to her original form, "Which ones? There are fairies I don't know well."

"Let's start from easiest. To undo a major error of judgment I will keep a wish reserved to fix any mistake."

She closes her eyes. I read an elaborate plan to fix mistakes while touching her perfume bottle.

+1: Total knowledge of the fairy kingdom is too expensive. I am your only free source please use me.

"Alright, fine. Angel, Using your family ties, earn me money. Recommend fairies you know are endowed and horny."

"Sir, if fairies were horny they'd have sources of pleasure, bugs and flowers. As for money, what family ties?"

"Ok. Tell me about females you know."

"My stepsisters-"

"Uhuh."

"They might be lesbians. We spent time touching, and there was this one time."

---6

Garilu rubbed against plants as she flew so her sister Glibina would easily find her. She snuck into the trunk of a rotted tree.

When Glibina got there, Garilu was already mating with worms.

"Slut."

"Mmm. So juicy. I didn't hear you Gli my pussy was too full it made me so horny."

A wood pecker came to Glibinda and sang.

Apila, another sister, possessed the woodpecker.  She compelled it to fuck, and jackhammer Glibinda on the side of the tree.

Several hours later... a forest orgy of about five-hundred fairies piles up.

---7

Angel got to about ten step sisters explaining how they were not endowed with cash, but rather perverse beyond measure, before I stopped her.

"How many sisters are you going to tell me about?"

"Oh five-hundred give or take. If one decides to take a break we leave her alone for as long as she needs. We don't get in trouble we can't manage... uhh often... my alpha. I'm a good girl because you made me one."

I think I have a picture of how fairy kind bond as siblings.

"So did you have sex with all of them?"

"What? We never had sex. I told you it's with bugs, and birds, and flowers. Fairies don't do it together when we have such fun things."

"Ok. You know what? Can you tell me at least one fairy that is available to participate with us right now?"

"No."

Talking is slowing me down.

@+1: Give me the cost of the best fairy right now.

+1: Ten billion.

@+1: Is it always this expensive?

+1: No.

@+1: Explain in detail.

+1: The cost fluctuates. Some other information about how to lower the cost is available.

@+1: Oh. I just need to touch her when she's the cheapest.

+1: As soon as you have enough cash 'touch her' will be granted. It costs fifty dollars per hour to keep this check active.

Isn't that pretty much free. I went around whoring and stealing incredibly high amounts of funds.

@+1: Status?

+1: Now probing until 'best fairy' fantasy is within range of budget. Hey I have an idea can we play another video game and if I lose you do... this and that. I haven't been able to orgasm without you.

@+1: Not now. Oh. Are people still seing you as a dog?

+1: No, why'd you ask?

I had Angel transform back to physical human form and suck off a big black cock on video. The man who promised half a mil. didn't know I'd get what he promised magically out of thin air and I went on my way without questioning his delay.

She's right here, so I also say to her, "Meet me back at the apartment Angel. I'm expecting that money, and any other cash you accept while you're alone is mine too."

On my way out the studio a woman comes up and tries to talk, she makes such a ridiculous excuse so I brush her off momentarily.

"Don't lie to me, and tell me why a woman like you suddenly showed up."

"I'm the fairy queen. I had a sudden urge when I awoke to come directly to you."

It turns out the fairy queen clones herself and presents as a human. This must be the first game my long-term wish captured.

"Ok. Thanks for coming. I want your main body to come give me a human sized hug while I'm asleep. After that we'll be even. Go tell her."

I went home and I woke up later that night. I had a constant sense of revitalization and pleasure. Next to me was only what I could assume to be the queen, but on the other side of me were more women.

The dark skinned woman in my front came close whispering.

"You got the queen here somehow. But you'll never touch her while we stand guard. Undo this spell or meet your fate."

---8

@+1: Stop me from dying!

+1: Granted. Each time you die you will respawn for half your money, but the cause of death won't go away permanently.

@+1: Wait what?

+1: You spent too much to undo mistakes, this is the closest we can come.

The woman grabs my balls, "You just cast a spell again?"

"Don't hurt me."

She relaxes and massages my balls. If this woman wants something from me, it better be my god-like cum.

"Ladies. Leave us. I'll get what I want from him."

She gets on top and fucks me until I'm spent multiple times. I press for her information, I pump her, a few gallons I'd say.  Soon I know where the queen is, and I feel safer.

"Ok. Turn into your best self, so you look as attractive as possible and I am pleased just knowing you."

The strong woman under me changes. Her stern expression, her skin, her muscles morph into something gentler. There's something about her, like she's exactly what I want every moment I look at her.

Her lips open and they look so wet, there's an audible peeling noise of them unsticking, "The feeling I had when I first saw you is too powerful to fight."

"Perfect. Now I want you to seduce me. Your intention to give me the best feeling."

"Is that it..."

She brought in a human sized fairy. The queen struck her dumb and hit her until she had the most hideous look of fear. The queen helped guider her onto me until I was coitally embraced by this broken servant. The queen then spoke.

"I knew her for a thousand lifetimes and now she's getting creampied by my first husband in her current state. She'll be impregnated, and she'll think of nothing but your cock forever."

Her servant gave a low moan as my ejaculate flowed into her, the queen the asscheeks next to my cock. She finished by kissing the other woman passionately, who seemed too shocked to reciprocate, and looked at me instead.

We spent the next several hours with her subordinate guardian fairies repeating this fantasy.  I felt an addiction to the sensation of making these impossible women eternal sex slaves at this point.

Angel arrived later, were we up all night? "We're going out."

We went together with the queen who could perform the rituals I didn't understand, to make more women fall for me forever. She did something each time, so perfectly, the women she beat were mentally broken rather than injured, and willing to fuck without me having to exert a thing except sperm.

The queen was an omega pimp. I had a bitch named Angel. My body was pumping an endless supply of vigor and cum. Sometimes I ate for pleasure.

---9

I wake up in the morning. I feel the hair of my best friend Angel and pull her off my dick the stiffness and sensation reaching my head. Saliva trailing from her mouth and dripping along my shaft markedly cooling it off in the air. 

Angel smirks just before I shove her face down and blow my morning rejuvinated nuts into her. I finish up pounding her cunt so it hurts with her sweaty face on my pillow.

When I get up the fairies all over the floor have a habit of making me 'float' so I jump to the door. They rapidly touch me with their hands, faster than flies, they help me down from the bed safely and clean me off before I reach the exit.

"Thanks." Not one to completely forget, they had to take my compliments and reminesce of our sessions together. I will impregenate every one some day.

When I get outside there's a youthful girl making meals for everyone in the house at the counter of the kitchen. I think I know her. She's the first, I don't remember why but the Queen identified her as a long time friend and she's been taken care of since.

I lean on her and tease her into letting me fuck her.  The memory of the first time comes a little too clearly and she screams in orgasm and bangs the kitchen counter as her tears stream down, but when we're done she looks so happy.

"I told you that orgasm surprises me every time."

Queen: "Only the best for my King."

"Could you come out and we'll do it personally this time."

A shadow-wraith image emerges from the girl and she looks tired momentarily. The shadow becomes solid and forms a familiar woman.

"I felt your orgasm directly today. It still hurts because I took her pain as well. Hurt me more, and I'll only scream louder next time."

"Well I guess you'll have it three fold this morning. No words until I need you to talk."

I proceeded to penetrate her with a delicious symphony of her singing and bleating. My dick hardens completely and feel it kissing her cervix, having been molded to be in just the right spot. She repeatedly changes her demeanor every day to tease me to no end. Damn! She gets my rocks off.

I pull out and wipe my cock on a cloth someone hands me.

"The queen is a dirty body snatcher."

I cringe at the unpleasant thought that I was manipulated to give these two favor over the other fairy women. The queen chants. I could only smell breakfast and wet pussy then.