Hi this is Johnathin 

I've done some things recently. Nobody's there. Ok.

Televised News: "Demons."

I should have expected this.

---1

I have a helicopter fly me to the mansion. Teleporting is faster but this is about style.

The business was changing and now it's a hotel of sorts. 

I'm curious how the treat the guests.

- Summon fairy harem. 


They can work here pro bono so I don't slow the place down, and I get way more money. I'm also afraid of the demonic effects occurring around us.

My lust and strength makes me an insatiable dynamo now. I guess I'd be spending more time satisfying the women here than satisfying any hidden urge.

I walk to the building phone and dial 3... and the operator answers.

"Hello?"

"I'm calling from the owner's office. You know what that means. I sent more girls down, they'll fill in for anyone you need, let them do as they see fit."

A kiosk displaying some of the basic statuses starts changing.

"Yes sir I'm adjusting the schedule now. How long will you be here?"

"No limit. Also if you have a minute email your resume so I can double check."

I browse through her pictures. She's not registered as an escort and lacks 'glamor photos'.

Ring ring.

"Hello sir, did I miss anything?"

"When is the last time you played with yourself?"

"The morning... you shouldn't be asking."

"Why?"

"We have to maintain a worker relation."

"If you upgrade to escort you get double in an evening what you're paid all day. Just ask one of the new girls I sent to decorate you and go to the photo booth; email me your new resume."

I hang up, either she does or doesn't want me to fuck her, end of story.

She showed up later but she looked pretty different. Her skin was dark like a demon-possessed. She pulled my pants down and took me in her mouth repeatedly and left with a smile.

Apparently she went though a erotic photoshoot where she looked cute and decorative, and the fairies invited demons who corrupted and possessed her. On her resume she was a sex crazed pseudo-succubus.

Ring ring.

"Hello. Did everything go alright?"

"What do you mean? Thanks for the pay raise, I am still declining your invitation."

Awkward. I should apologize directly. But that is in the future!

---2

I want to have sex with all the women before I leave. It is odd, how the mansion looks as a hotel.

Back in my room. Misty is there.

"You were too quick the last time."

Pretty sure we had Candy too.

"Maybe show me what you like first. I'll get you started."

"That won't be necessary. She gets on the bed and raises up her butt."

"I see."

After a while I think I'm just about to...

"Hey. You didn't ask about Candy." 

She looks back at me, casually starting to explain that Candy was there for my pleasure as well.

"She quit."

Oh no. I feel regret.

"Wait a moment."

She looks away and I feel a weird twitch of her back. She looks different. Her body and hair.

She shape-shifted.

"Fuck!"

Escape! Can't. This is not the same woman, I think. If the wrong kind of a shapeshifter is here...

"A demon's enjoying my cock."

She licked her lips and looked away, back in a 'new' rhythm of moans. But did she know I wasn't just a human?

The courage to stick it in her ass when I cum arrives. I jerk back for the final thrust, and her pussy stretches out.

"You aren't going anywhere until I'm done."

"I'm about to come. Backdoor?"

"You're going to put it right into my womb."

She turns back into her original self. I can feel her frame shrink and her pussy gets tighter.

"Now push. I won't let you cum until you break me."

Absolutely. Nothing will be better than to cum with my super powers and inflate this dirty bitch, other than maybe seeing her struggle under my control after.

The entrance to her womb is at the tip, I press on it and it moves. Something shoots up my shaft making me wince and shout in pain.

"You.. hah... thought I'd wait for you to finish?"

She had something there, probing my urethra.

For a moment I use force and split her womb open. I'm in, the stuff plugging me slips out.

Her pained voice comes out.

"You earned this."

I'm in control. I look down and her body is submissive, waiting for punishment. Gladly, I finish. She makes little spurts of disapproval until he lets out a long groan, like she finally came.

I'll interrogate her. For now, I feel satisfied enough to sleep.

---3

I dream about Candy getting fucked by Misty. We first met...

Gone. She's not going to hurt anyone after I took over, so where'd she go?

I got up for the toilet.

On the other side of the washroom door was a tired almost entirely naked Lucy. Excited. I grabbed her hair and pissed on her. She managed to wrap her lips around me and drink a mouth full, making me erect. After that I slap her ass and have her bounce on my throbbing monkey-boner.

"I'm so glad you're back."

That's what I think she meant to say. I had her clean me up and I was out the door soon.

- I need some way to track the demon from last night... Make it interesting.

After I turn the corner there are two women, identical twins. They argued.

"...seen you. Why are you copying the way I look?"

Ok. I think. Nothing to get involved with.

"Sir. Please help me have this imposter escorted away!"

I take out a cell phone. Ring the front desk and discuss the details of two women at apartment 256.

"So it seems, one of you is really not real. Both go in the apartment."

I sigh. They're stripped and I bound them. Even if this is an obvious trick, I can enjoy it.

"You will both be punished equally until you get along with each other. The first to demand release is going to jail."

I strip one.

"I'll call you bitch."

"My name, ehhh?? Stop it! I'm not into this type of thing! My , nn name is ss stop!"

I strip the next.. mostly. She hits me hard.

"You're named cunt... and I will do you twice for every one time I do bitch now."

I feel them up. Pretty much, nice calves. I can see where the kick strength came from.

"Nice.. nice legs."

I'm feeling up bitch, and I crouch. From this angle her narrow pelvic area sticks out to my face.

Cunt is watching me. I walk over and shove my thumbs in the back of her knees, making her reflex curl her legs. I didn't quite finish undressing her. Her panties are there, I shove my finger up her panties. 

Her legs flail and she keeps her knees bent.

A nice reaction!

I pull down her panties and stick my dick up... some resistance... her ass crack, I reach down and feel her legs. Ooh, I'm so good from this.

From their reactions they don't mind me toying with their clit or labia, but bitch was less happy with dicks in her.

Oh yes. This is what I want. She loves it. I'm giving her all my dick. Faster. Faster.

Cunt got me really excited, and I said I'd double down so I mentally push myself to fuck both of her holes at once!

I strap her a choke collar and yank it so she'll pass out while I cum.

"I didn't kill her. Did I? Well Bitch! I guess you won this round. Next I'm having you fuck eachother while I watch. I need a break."

"Hey"

One of them is getting my attention. Oh, probably the one that can talk.

"Yes Bitch?"

"I think I really like anal. I'd really like you to fuck my ass. Please fuck my ass!"

That's surprising. I Left Cunt's mouth strapped to Bitch's butt. I wonder if she's stuck her tongue in?

Bitch starts to sound panicked.

"Oh god it's going in it's so thick."

She struggles and what I thought was a rimjob becomes anal facesitting.