control all elements with a program

 dragged elements

 
have a minimized tab widget - for remembering

have that cool... ahem
o make the box bigger with text
? maybe make the box big when I select it?
make the memory behave like an everyone edits gravity lane, or a water stream


RUMINATION (already posted)
o The icons (simply copy an icon)

o I went and put an icon in the top like it's a widget... it looks better than what it was already, nice and neatly placed.


o widgetinsert calculations. 
	node.newline should check if a character is intersecting one of the inserted widgets and move the char.

doublecheck - and adjust to icon standard
o	inline adds the blanks - pretends it should sit in middle of line
	
o	insert ... add line breaks
	
o	left margin _ add indent spaces
	
o	right margin / reduce the line wrap position by width;

The widgets in Memory Main Box
o inline - simple the rect position/parent
	
o
	
	newline - this is a break in the capture
	
o
	make a cell object and contemplate how new nodes could appear on it
		I decided it'd be like what I wrote next
	
	
	
insert without dialogue- MemoryBox can check the current and see if it's running. If not...
pseudo:
	no dialogue, no bg,
	inserted widgets are 'floaty' lacking mnemonic activity
	
	dialogue, add bg, text, icon, header, user names	
	insert widgets are 'stuck' inbetween the lines strongly linked to the activity
	
	dialogue ends
	
	
	! non-memory items entering the list is a different kind of thing entirely. And it's a bad idea. As long as they exist outside there's no damage done.
	
The big text (it's like normal text) but it's a much BIGGER CUE that someone's talking aloud.

	I want a row on the bottom for the new text to appear, when appropriate. 
	
	There is a middle part of the screen for major contextual activity. eg dialogue zone
	
o
	I wanted decent control of text. Mousing over any text, looking good. (the auto-wrap isn't nice enough)
o
	I wanted a list. I (stopped using autolayout) got it.
o
	I made a single cursor thing that could be used for other cursor things.

I want widgets that break up the text to appear. this is not just a chat box, although it debuts as one. it will have variety.
o
	I want to be able to insert widgets into the text, I programmed it to do that, but I don't believe I thought it through yet.

o
	the chat box could grow to accomodate words instead of auto-wrapping.
?
so... alternatively. make an expanded chat at some point?
x
I want to be able to make bubbles and widgets all mix into this memory list, they forcefully intermix if the player doesn't participate in organizing.
	x-> instead the bubbles will be handled in a less organized setting
	
later ?
the half-witted system of remembering things will make widgets text reappear

also, everything has some connection to this remembering idea, if you've got a hardcopy of information or a terminal near you then you reference it, instead of your mind.

the opposite is true
if you remember a tool you don't have, it won't work to try using it.

real application use?
I'm sure at some point I want to test it as a real accessibility system that can cache common choices and suggest 

