IDEAS (PLEASE COPY TO UNUSEDINCOMPLETE.TXT):

PLZ PATCH: i realize in editor I can click off edge of screen so do I just auto detect that and set the uiSelect now?


TIPS I READ
layout groups use getcomponent a lot
more canvases are better
disable the canvas, not the object
  USE, future of 
zone proximity: put things in a list
	
menu control/ screen real estate
  only one thing should consume the keyboard inputs at a time
  
  
ACTIONSYSTEM: conglomerate of use interfaces
  "use" is ambiguous but it's more elegant than mousing, face it
use: show everything nearby in a list if necessary.
	
	
FUTURE for Dialogue System
KB...
knowledge base expansion!
laws, restriction
manipulation: opinion (adjective), logic (reusing, training), dismissing, copy/altering(lie)
noun sense safety, verb (use) mastery, self opinion
observation (various objects are users)
thoughts (knowledge behaviors)
experimenting (validating), and creative source fact or fiction


WHAT I JUST DID (PLEASE COPY TO CHANGELOG.TXT):
	dialogue system 
		foundation programming see dialogue in program system
		
CURRENT FOCUS:
	memory wiki
	
	
	?? 3D blocking terrain
		blocking terrain is something in the way
		
		1 hide blocking terrain any of the "actors" pass behind
			1 partitioning rooms in a house
			2 remove objects I'm under o
			
			3 (cq large) always have a side that I can cut out, and zip to the expert camera
			4 (cq small) the small objects should have a see-through texture
			+toggle mesh-renderers
		
		walking terrain is something I can climb/ stand on
		
		2 walking terrain needs to be click ignored (default)
			1 always, if it's too high (with some warning it's ignored)
			2 enabled if there's a ui shift like jump/climb/fly
		
		3  a designated key to use

	
	#########	
	the characters
	o movement and camera
	some animation shouldn't run until it's a certain frame - 
	*floaty turn animations (jerri) are super awkward
	
	*I've been using animation to "move position" what it should be doing is adding force
	root motion, additive?
	
	x bunny "routine altering status" via bunny design.txt
	
	
	x emotes. have icons, have animation poses
	x text+inline magnet (could I script this)
		x? this has become speech ideas
	
	b. interaction
		freeroam
		petting
		personal menu
		minigames 
			dungeon .. demo game
			
	NPC dialogue
		
		
	file: story options . txt
		various behaviors for bunny
		bunny.context.txt for active player 
		cooperative actions" minigames"
		scripted game flow for idle player
		routines for idle NPC
		canon stats
		 
		 
	forced perspectives
		look (up) at something as bunny
		
		
	Camera practical use (need to review old ideas, these are what I think atm)
		keep angle level
		height should shift up to look outward
		
		everything else is a little iffy
	
	BillA (this is polled image / text) 3d version of text that appears over people.
		
	
	+ rigidbody3d physics + SpriteMagnet display
	
	
	action system conglomerate (when everything else works, I can make interfaces)
	
NOT QUITE THERE, SO FAR AWAY:
	
	human materials (so many)
	
	bunny state animations for sniffing, crawling
	
	OFF: options, as selectable? collider off until ready to trigger animation.
		reason: i didn't like seeing the targetindicator flicker to the option as I touched it.
	OFF: bunny routine. needs to be calibrated for actual game
	
	

	saving item
		
		
	tracking bunny uses an obtuse number of moving parts

	closeup idle, bunny zoom
		the pivot rotation is all what matters, so I could set it to the current main camera facing on enable, it won't care.
		+ something scary focused
		+ bunny interest
	
	Digging
		texture / tunnel image / shape of room
	
		Is it visible?
		
		No, Nothing there:
			disable selectable colliders.
			blend in with wall
	
		Yes, 
			display an entrance
			when close enough
				display interior
				force a side view from distance
		
		Deeper / repetition abstraction of previous actions
		
	
	
	game story script, using animator
		script ch1.2.txt
	player interface. global lock is risking bugs.
	
	
	
Program the things the player will do
	memory
	petting
	story
	
Program the things the npcs will do
	o dialogue system
	using the d. system
	
Making the text super fucking sweet
	with join split args user target ...