Described by a warning.

The demon's eyes and mouth are lit up by a red flame.

You can see his body is hard like wood, his veins are thick like roots. 

The ignorant witch lets him into her bed and they make love. But a love everlasting it is not.

The sperm is hot as magma, the kiss and deadly as a deluge of flames. The very touch is like a metal rested in coals.

-------

The bounty was full of the most delicious energy. He felt his sack swelling from the heat of his excitement. He knew that these earth women couldn't survive his lust, but such an amazing harvest was beyond pleasure, it was nourishment.

Despite her energy she had not sensed him. Just around the next turn, he thought, he'll see her. She'll see him.

He walks around a bookcase, his vigour shining the dullest it could. His presence poorly masked, but not wanting to destroy.

A carpet lights on fire. Some curtains go ablaze. His presence is definitely not going unnoticed. But the witch, he senses, is ignorant.

He turns the last corner, he knows she's just within his grasp. The pleasure of forethought makes him leak power, and his fire glows alight, a genuine smile for him.


----

To the witch his figure was a horror. Like a candle wax figure had just come to life and walked into her study. His hardened manhood burned green, GREEN. His ballsack a smouldering blue.

"No! No! Get away!" She shrieked and crawled into the corner.

His grip was like a vice, and it numbed her arm as he made contact.

He throws her onto the couch she was just on. She looks at her arm and explodes with anger and grief at the torched limb.

She instinctively makes the room 25 Celcius colder. Such a power not quite within her control. Although her body temperature quickly dropped, the monster moves in, quick as a drunk date.

He locks hips with her and she feels the burning phallus rub across her clit. The very clothes she wore burning clean off, but her body is spared momentarily by his control.  She convulses and spits. She nearly orgasms as her instincts give in. Then the tip of his member splits open her folds.

She looks at (him) it, with pleading eyes. Please stop. Please let me go. I don't want this.

Then he rams his rod home. The roughness of it and sudden heat contact with her clit once again. It makes her feel like her body has melted, she grows tenser from discomfort.

He spews his seed into her and then removes his flaming erection. A pool of glowing spunk escapes her raw convulsing vagina.

----

His tongue extends into a tendril of slimy oil. As the oil drips out it bursts into flames as it contacts the air.

After showing her this for a moment, enticingly. She shakes her head and makes the most shocked look. In spite of her he proceeds.

His long tongue slides into her mouth burning her tongue. It tastes like the gasoline you'd pump into a motor. She reflex gags, it only gets him more excited. He thrusts it down deep into her.  The inside of her head down to her chest light up like a Christmas tree ornament.

He shreds off her upper garment revealing red raw breasts beading with sweat and hardened pulsating nipples reacting to fear, swelling from the inner heat, and shivering from outer cold. Her areolae also stiffen and bead with milk.  He strokes his hands across her breasts, kneading them like dough.  He places his chest flat against hers and passionately throats her with his flaming tongue.

He then turns her over.

----

Despite all this her hair managed to survive the flames. The cascade of fire that lights up her backside now scorches some of it off. Her breasts jiggle freely and sorely like balloons. Her head is pressed against the couch cushion. The couch itself has begun to light on fire.

Her body is now a prison. She's unable to move from the pain and the damage she has.

He grabs her ass cheeks and slaps them. She responds with an unexpected swallow, forcing more of the sick oil substance down her throat. Proving there is one last part of her that isn't completely ruined.

He strokes his cock between her ass cheeks. Then he switches targets and plunges deep into her burned vagina again. A pleasant feeling roils up and then quickly vanishes as her clitoris is burned again.

He pulls out and immediately rams inside of her asshole.  After several minutes of pounding he spews one final load of deadly volcanic spunk. During this his tongue is lodged deeply down her gullet, and he forces her whole upper body downward as he gropes her swelling tits.

After this he unleashes a great load of energy which immolates the room and sets the apartment ablaze, disappearing into thin air.