Trista saw me while I was reaching for my plastic vibrator.

You seem different.

She says this as I cover up and look for my panties.

You've been out of the house more than usual. Is it boys? Tell me about boys.

Trist walks into the room and swings the door to an almost closed position.

Stop, get out, you'll be in trouble when I tell mom. I shout.

Mom's not home right now, and we know dad will never come back.

How could she say that? He's here every day.

Trist, stop. What are you?

"I saw what you were doing." She says this and opens up my endtable. She takes out the vibrator. "I know you keep this here."

Somehow the sight and smell of it makes me excited. I let out a little "ooh." What is wrong with my body?

Trista turns it on.

You do this with it don't you? She rubs it over her stomach. What is it for? Show me.  She rubs it on my stomach.

It tickled me something fierce and I lurch and throw the blanket aside, my midsection is revealed.

Wow. You're ticklish aren't you now? Who's the little kid in this relationship me or you?

She is silent and I catch my breath for a moment.

"Wow Lala, these are so big now." She touches my breasts and I hold my breath in.

Lala I have a secret. I need to know what this is for. She holds the vibrator out, and I can see she's breathing harder too.

"Okay. But I'll only show you once, and you can't tell anyone, promise?"

Yes!

Alright. I turn it off and become aware that I don't want to teach her anything dirty. If it's like every other single thing I do for her, she'll end up wanting me to do everything... what am I thinking, I can't show her this at all!

She leans forward and grabs my tit.

Lala you're not being honest with me. Show me now.

"Listen. Girls don't need this." I explain gently "We only need to touch ourselves here." Look, and don't touch.

I show her my clit. Then I stroke it lightly with my hand. "ooh"

Doesn't that hurt? She asks.

No, it feels good, and you don't need this. I say this to indicate the vibrator shaped like male genitals.

But... Lala do you want to know my secret?

I said I'd very much enjoy having a secret to keep for her.

She undoes some of her clothes.

What are you doing?

I am showing it to you. You said I don't need that. She indicated the vibrator.

She must want more instruction on how to masturbate. By removing her clothes. I think.

Her hips aren't much different from mine, but her bust had less time to form.  She climbs into bed so I reposition my legs.

Trista could we do this another time?

No. I need this now.

She removes the last bit of clothing around her panties and I see she's wearing big ones, not the thong kind I've been wearing recently. Oh my god.

What is that? I see she must have quite a large bush but it's so sloppy.

This is my thing. She says. Then takes off her panties.

As the panties slide down a red hard prick is revealed. It must be nearly a foot long. The baggy skirt hid it. I'm dumbstruck.

I don't need that. She says indicating the plastic toy. I can use this.

The trick she's played on me, I can't even.

She positions herself above me and slips her pink tip over my slit.

My face contorts from the exerting pressure of my desires.

Trista grins for a moment and then grabs my hips, as it slides in I feel a wave of sparkling bubbles fizzing inside of me and I loose a torrent of my juices. My mouth wides and my eyes roll back into my head.

My sister must have felt it too, her face is contorted in almost a look of fright. She.

Haaaaah! She came as well, her juices mixing with mine inside of me.

I make a squeal as the air sucks into my lungs.  This is really happening, my little sister is inseminating me on my bed, oh god, I'm losing it.

I try to push her away but my midsection flexes and sucks out every last drop of her sperm.  I can feel my rudely stretched lower lips pulsating, and her erection which just ripped right through me was lodged down to its base.

Trista, help me. I say gasping for air. Stop cumming and help me!!!

My body flexed and my jaw dropped letting out the most grotesque moan.  I think I heard my sister crying "I can't stop."  Her eyes pouring tears out and trickling down her cheeks.

I continued to cum until every last ounce had leaked out of both of us. From that day on my sister and I were both slaves of our sexual attraction.