Chapter 2: Our Mission

--1--

Along a residential district road in a middle-class town, a house belonging to the Flannery family stands as it has for the past forty years. There are two girls, a mother, and a father there. 

Layla is sixteen years old, a high school freshman on account of being held back two years. Her mother is a thirty-four-year-old housewife who enjoys daily morning power walks. Her father is thirty-five and works for a clothing fashion magazine as an article writer. He keeps in contact with as many photojournalists as possible for fresh material.

Layla has spent hours looking through files of photos her father receives during his job. Occasionally there is a risque shot, and she compares herself to the skinny models, always thicker, larger nipples, her nose less pronounced.

The school district is seven blocks away, both elementary and high; not too far for anyone in their home to walk or ride a bike to. There's a library only two blocks away. The post office is roughly seven blocks. A local drug store is just two blocks away between home and the school grounds. There are plenty of fire hydrants, post office boxes, and built-in newspaper stands, and occasionally during summer an ice cream or lemonade truck drive right past your window, sometimes twice on a hot day.

--2--

Layla revealed her name and her body to The Devil and then moments later she felt like a different person.

"Layla Flannery"

That was the name she went by. That was a different Layla.

She used to sit in public places feeling alone, and wishing for time so she could sit alone, and then when that was over she'd imagine what the afterlife was like. She'd lie down and look at pictures in magazines, but she ignored the warnings her father gave her about how they'd give her a bad body image. She tried to purge after she ate something, but never really felt like it made a difference.

When the wintertime came she'd stay indoors and sleep extra hours. On weekends, she'd spend more time viewing the TV stations, and she'd become addicted to SOAP operas and talk shows that were on at inconvenient hours. She came up with excuses to get out of chores, and not go to parties. She would browse the designer clothing outlets so she could sew the brand symbols into her discounted clothing.

She wanted to be invisible often, and she felt like she was ignored when something mattered to her.

Now she wasn't her.

--3--

Layla awoke in bed. The day she had to herself this Sunday was AMAZING! She kept thinking about all the stuff she could do, and she spent so much time with her parents, her mother was so happy.

She saw old pictures of her mother, and although her father seemed exhausted, they played a few board games. Outside with her father for two hours later in the day, she saw him mow the lawn, and she looked at her neighbors' yards. Her sister looked busy, but really she was just doodling in her room, and although she couldn't get her to do her school work she felt like they really connected while talking about clothes they wanted to wear. Her sister didn't seem very happy until she started saying she could borrow her fake designer clothes, then she perked right up. Layla also had some time by herself to do her school work, and that made her think about Monday when she was going to convince Mike he had to spend time with her.

--4--

"Sex. Sin. Mission. Meet back where The Devil resides."

Layla thought about it a long time before falling asleep. She woke up remembering nothing. A piercing sensation is in her groin, her heart is racing, her body moves with unearthly force and precision to make herself climax. She stuffed her head in the pillow and let out her frustrated moan segway into a yawn. She felt hot, she understood, today was the day and she could not deny herself the dick of any man or she risks failure.

Layla had some free time. She thought about what she knew about sex and unintentionally began stimulating her breasts until she repeated her frustrated orgasm again. 

She never experienced sex before. So the sensations of coitus were a mystery, bubbly literature in romance novels tried to dance around without revealing a thing. Her head swims a bit. She thinks which boys, men, she might already have a hook in, nothing.

All she had to remember was something about men. Stories. They can't resist a woman. Women prefer a strong man.

Layla has two sets of gym clothes she wore to school regularly. One set was a bulky sweatshirt that hid her nips well and sweat pants. On the other set, she had flannel shorts, undershirts in case they were going out, long tube socks, and a t-shirt with "frill" in calligraphy on the chest.

Taking into account her other clothes, and her experience modifying fabric, she spent a very short time cutting and sewing together a new set.

"This is how I'll seduce him." Layla thinks, placing the parcel in her gym bag.

--5--

Layla walks downstairs in her regular morning clothes; She's in a pair of shorts and a t-shirt.

Her sister, Trista, is already at the table. She's wearing her hair in a ponytail. Dad is there, reading a newspaper. Their mother must be out walking as usual. She'll be back in time to tell them all how improperly they eat, and how casual clothing is sloppy manners.

"Lala," her sister calls her from the table using her name in a funny way, their family seems to enjoy this habit a lot, "tell me more about school. I'm afraid of next year."

"Trista, it's like the school you're in now, only you have more responsibility because you'll be grown up." Layla thinks about how she was going to offer herself to Mike momentarily. "You are going to change and make new friends you never expected."

"You mean like how mom has such big boobs? Lala, you have big boobs too." Trista stares daggers at Layla's chest. Layla's wearing a shirt without a bra right now, and she becomes aware her nips may show through. Her transformation made her hip to waist ratio even more generous.

"Not only that! But..." Layla stops and considers her father is at the table reading, "you'll think a little differently when you're my age too." With that Layla returns the subject to school. This causes Trista to become pouty and she cranes her neck away to avoid further conversation.

Their mom walks in, straight from the outside, and she takes off her shoes. "Good morning my sugar plums," she says with a funny tone in her voice like she usually does this early.

"Good morning," Trista and Layla respond a little out of sync.

"How's Mr. Flannery doing?"

The father pauses his reading to lower the page and bats his eyelashes at the Mrs. He leaves his left eye closed a little too long, as though accidentally winking. "Good stuff dumpling." Normal. A dad thing to do.

"Kids hurry up and get ready for school." Says mom.

"I'm going to go early today." Layla really means it, and unintentionally grins.

"Layla." Calls mom, "you're going to school early? Is someone expecting you?"

--6--

From the first step out of her house, a feral nature overcame her, her pussy watered, making her rub it to calm down. A light orgasm crept over her every step.
 
Layla is in front of the school.

There are a number of things Layla was trying not to think about, lest her waterworks start back up again. She started searching around for Mike.

None of her friends were there yet, she was much too early.

--7--

It is 4th period geology class.

Layla is sitting two desks away from Mike. She passes a note she wrote during a previous class to him.

After reading this letter, Mike felt a bit skeptical. He was supposed to pay more attention to her suddenly because she wanted him. Uncertain what it meant, he decided to ask her.

He glanced over and there was another girl sitting in Layla's seat.

--8--

After school, the girl showed up. She brought him to the gym. She did some exercise, like a warm-up. She was quite stunning. Why'd she take Layla's seat that class and pass him a note?

Mike began to pay more attention when he saw her breasts sliding on the floor her shirt was too small. He could see into her shorts for that matter.

But more importantly.

"Those cans, they're amazing."

--9--

Some more students came in and practiced acrobatics. The gym after school is surprisingly busy.

Layla is a bit worried but soon sees their motion is routine. They weren't following her.

"Mike I need your phone number."

Mike hypnotically hands Layla his phone.

Layla swerves her hips as she walks, and goes to the equipment closet.

--10--

Mike gets a few messages from his phone and he looks. There's a pornographic fantasy right there, unfolding every few seconds, one picture at a time in front of him. She was stretching out a pair of modified gym shorts pulling them so he can see straight up the crack of her ass. Her nipples jutting out of her shirt, her missile-like breasts force the fabric of her tight shirt. Her hair is tied back revealing her neck.

There are some close-ups.

There's a picture of her pulling the gym shorts to the side, she's either not wearing underwear or it's so wet it bunched up.

Then one more text. He can't even read it he has to move.

--11--

Mike goes in.

Layla mounts him standing and slides her tongue in his mouth.

First, they get her shirt halfway off, releasing her breasts. His hands feel the valley between them. Her heartbeat, the smell, the dripping sweat from her workout. He brings his hand around to her unclothed nipple and gropes hard, grinding against his lightly callused palm.

"It feels sharp like it will sting me."

She gets her pants off and Mike gropes the valley of her nether.

"It's like a wet clay. It's getting all over my arm."

"You are my sculptor. My clay will form to your tools." She lets out a laugh after quoting from that romance novel. "If you follow any chivalrous rules, I'm going to forget you exist."

--12--

Her breasts are sweaty and full like wet balloons. Mike touches her breasts, he starts chattily complaining about how lewd her nipples became.

After revealing his cock, she squeezes her breasts together and shoves them into Mike, then slides her body down.

Layla gives Mike a very long titjob and suckles at the tip of him each time he twitches to try catching his precum. She takes a picture of her breasts and his cock together when it finally erupts.

Mike falters in his attempt to fondle her several times. His sleepy face and body are very exciting for her. She has total control despite granting him complete permission for conquest.

Layla pulls off her shorts. She rides him on some mats.

Her throat is hot, her body full of power. The tension of his cock between her swelling and squelching, and her orgasm, she chokes on her spit and rapidly breathes, she can barely stop making noise.

"No baby." Mike frets about some trivial issue while she's losing her grip, literally. She grabs him inside her, and lets go over and over as the sensation makes her body shudder.

She wouldn't listen, she needed him to cum for her, in there, one more time.

--13--

Layla exits the closet normally clothed. She's fulfilled her duty, her thoughts are calm and clear.

"Success."

Her breasts are very sore. Her nipples were too erotic for men her age, stretching the fabric, the moisture revealing her areolae nakedly. Something about her feels far more dangerous now that she's had a man.

The witches are in the gym. The acrobats are wandering talking together, the workout ended.

Priscilla tries to take Layla's arm but felt the danger.

"You're not..."

Layla is browsing pictures on her phone.

"What do you think of this one?"

Layla's image was there, a grinning fool with a river of white drool and semen spread across her face and formidable cups.

Priscilla falters from Layla's off-color boldness. But this was good for the pact.

"This much cum. Is it normal?"

Layla looks back in response to the question and smirks again. She doesn't know either.
