Chapter 4: Gathering

--1--

Layla was in bed toying herself. Her sister walked in and Layla quickly cast a glamor subduing Trista.

There they are now. She looks carefully at her little sister, who no longer looks concerned.

"You seem different. Like a stupid animal rather than my lovely sister."

"What are you doing? Does this have anything to do with boys? That thing you used."

The door is left ajar, the two girls unconcerned.

Layla gets on top of Trista with a battery-operated vibe in her hand. She breathes hard, not quite sure if she should continue.

Trista grabs at one breast hanging down, her sister looming over her.

"Lala this is not how your breast always feels. Are you still my big sis?"

Truthfully Layla wanted to play mean. Her sister is a subdued puppy for her to play with. However, the feeling of her hand there was incredible. Her breast is kneaded and twisted, and she feels like she's become the prey.

Trista sucks at one and considerably relaxes her whole body, both their receptivity increasing.

"It's a creamy delicious. Mmblr." Trista's mumble talk with a succulent treat, it puts her asleep.

Layla fondles the breast her sister sucked from, a motherly pride welling up.

"This could get interesting."

--2--

Samantha gets home and her mother's there.

"You go to my room when dad gets home."

The control she exerts is absolute.

--3--

There is a meeting of the cult early the next morning.

Layla and Samantha show up completely nude with an aura. Trista is with Layla.

Celes.

"How could you do this? Layla. This isn't right. Also, why aren't you two clothed?"

"I have a new recruit. Begin, just like I showed you."

Trista goes to Celes and strips. She is fully developed, her chest as Laylas was, before her transformation, only about four feet tall, compared to her sister at about five feet.

"I saw your sister a week ago. She can't be this."

Trista has fully come into her womanhood, a stunning crystallization of desire and youth.

"She's consumed my power."

Layla cups her breasts, the nipples have generously swollen from being sucked on. There are very light bite marks.

"Fascinating."

Layla was lactating.

The Devil stirred in his seat, never having to move since they last saw him.

--4--

"Come. First."

This nameless demon kisses Samantha's mouth, nipples, neck, and clit. She even turns to offer the backside view.

He is erect. This ritual is ridiculous. Proximity is all he needed. However wasteful, the chance to feel female flesh is intoxicating.

He greedily views Samantha's presented rear.

He slides a finger along her ass, the firmness, the softness. The sensitive nature of its reddening suggests.

--5--

She sits on the tip of the erect dick of The Devil like a queen sits on her throne. The left side of her mouth rises, her breath momentarily quickens, betraying the illusion of piety she chose to offer the others. She raises her toe she held herself with and completely engulfs him to the base. She can't think, her blood rushes to her genitals to quicken her.

--6--

He only sees the back of her head. Feels her drop down into his lap.

"Come. Second. While Samantha is with me. Both of you at once."

They were doing it right in front of the rest.

"Also your sister. Bring her. She does not need to be afraid."

"Trista, do whatever he says. Give him everything."

Two voluptuous girls are hugging him with their arms, soft breasts pressed to his sides. He saw Trista was unable to suppress her arousal, just baring her chest to the other woman, her body quaked. Her eyes now widen as her emotions quicken, moving her hands slowly along his arm.

--7--

Samantha's vagina twists around in excruciating agony, feeling pleasure, nothing else but pleasure.

She heard Him suckling at Layla's breast and Trista's in turn. But is he feeling her, his cock doesn't twitch, it doesn't release fluid, it's like a dildo that's perfectly skin textured and warm.

She fucks him as hard as she can and the only lubricant is her own.

Wailing from the intensity, rather than orgasmic bliss, she felt absolutely mortified by the force of her own orgasm and fell from his lap to her hands twitching.

After falling she returned to her knees, like when he first saw her, placed her head down. Her body refused to move.

--8--

Layla wasn't concerned.

Samantha dripped her excessive female juices before she even started. Her mouth opened wordlessly, and tears welled in her eyes as she barely moved, then she reached an unwomanly climax. She got off. He didn't. And she continued to present her oozing gluttonous cunt in the direction of her master.

"How's this?"

Layla presents her rear next to Samantha, not yet claimed, not sopping wet like the day she felt so hot.

The Devil stopped sucking on Trista, who had notably reddened in the face, is she quietly orgasming? "Beautiful. I feel energetic. How about we celebrate?" He says.

He takes Trista, red succulent fruit, onto his lap carefully, and turns her head so she...

--9--

He delves his tongue in her mouth.

He finished his inner mantra.

Snake-like tendrils and dog-headed demons appeared in the room. A summon, not unlike the one they used to bind him to this reality. The creatures would be bound to him, and he only required they share half the power they gain from these lustful women.

Layla looks surprised, like she is going to run, and yells, "Look out!"

He summoned them. She should be able to tell.

"Woman," he chided, "they're here so you can enjoy them."

With that, The Devil buried his fingers in Layla's hips and pulled her up towards him until he was balls deep in her. She shut her mouth and lowered her head, trying not to imitate Samantha's ungainly display. Not even a moment ago she was ready, composed. She uttered some slurs teeth closed, and her traitorous cunt loosed its besodden contents onto his lap. Her face contorted disgracefully while her body gave up.

The other sisters spoke as one.

"I will accept a demon as its sacrifice."

The women are surrounded by demons, and each demon has the same static aura.

Vile seed drips from the ceiling a fragment of demon realm summoned into this sanctuary, his desire and mantra keeping it in sync.

"Dog."

A dog, twice the size of a man, about eight feet long, is summoned.

"Take this one. She came with every thrust. She's cursed with a compulsion to breed. She won't grow bored of you."

He guides Layla down gently, and she resumes a provocative position. Her feminine flowing charms contrast with Sam's deep red creases and small stature.

A demonic dog looms above Layla who remains mesmerized. He measures her worth by scent. A rush of testosterone from his testicles respond. Two sheathed k-9 phalli emerge blood-red with lubricant rubbing along her into her anus and touching her naval. Both are two feet long and more than an inch in diameter.

The woman moves to help guide both phalli, he thrusts repeatedly to lodge inside her. Her body convulses, certainly from the force of it spreading her insides. His knots swell up, although it's difficult to tell how large they became inside, her untrained entrances are drawn taught and she makes a pained whine all the while her insides stretch.

Trista climbs up into his lap to face him.

--10--

"No that's not right. Master has one penis."

Layla felt her entrances slowly spread, and then lose all strength, and snapped out of her afterglow. She crawled to turn, and her partner moved to allow it, just in time to see Trista.

She was riding him, face to face on the chair. He buried his face in her chest from that angle too. He buried his cock into her then, causing her to loll her head backward her long dark hair flowed like a waterfall, her two voluptuous peaks rising higher.

Layla looked around more. The sensation of being stretched, pleasuring the demon, something she wanted to distract herself from.

There was an armor-clad humanoid demon in a helmet. It chose Priscilla and took her. Grabbing her from behind, her blonde French braid dangled along with its armor. Her ass cheeks seemed to rub against its chain mail legging. It was like a princess being kidnapped by the invading black knight. Her movement only appeared to make her more vulnerable, she was trying to entice it.

Pris started to hysterically laugh from the ferocity of its strength. She was still human, not like Layla.

Layla opened her mouth and only single pitch notes of pleasure came out, her breathing trying to match the cloying movement of her bestial love maker, so she closed it with a grimace not to give away just how much she enjoyed getting fucked out of her control.

Priscilla loosed a squeal quickly from its black cock entering her pussy. She was weak then, still at the height of her orgasm, and it placed a cloth gag in her mouth. It put a rope on her neck like a long leash. It then forced her to thrust back into it, pulling her hair, she came with the gag blunting her voice, making her sound very distant. Her body tensed each inspiration after she took him in deep, so he pushed her away.

The dog relentlessly tugged Layla's insides while she watched. The agonizing tension of its swelling knots slowly drew her attention until she shook her head, returning to focus on Priscilla.

The knight let her escape now, so to speak, it pulled the noose lazily like it was fishing until she realigned her back to the shaft of its black cock.

Layla saw the other woman smile and her attention returned to her own mounting pleasure, "I'm a bitch. I'm your bitch already, you made me your bitch." Why am I saying this? "Fuck me, fuck me."

She thought about Priscilla on a leash and her pitiful gagged orgasm. Layla's inner walls clenched around the knots and she screamed in delight at having the same experience. The dog felt like it shot small streams, much too small, tickling her insides, and she wanted to thrust them in and out to punish this beast, but it was for naught.

--11--

The dog took over this carnal bitch one more time, forcing her ovulation, imprinting the feeling of his cock in her memory. Making her weak to his suggestion. She let out high-pitched yelps. It growled fiercely, breathing down her neck while his sore testicles began to relax. Her humanoid udders were shaking, even from his view of her back.

It doesn't matter, I released my seed in her, and she'll be a worthless bitch soon.

Her anatomy was too tight, and she tightened so much when it tried to move right now. Was she really in his control? Wasn't she here to pleasure him?

From the moment he began, she didn't resist, until he wanted to stop and rest.

--12--

A tentacle hydra was allowed through the thinned realm. It took the other sisters of the coven, making them ride multiple tendrils. Their nethers were teased one after another. It slid across their bodies leaving smegma as easily as any crack or orifice they allowed it inside.

The two siblings sought to ride the hydra while they were face to face. It continued slowly teasing anyone within reach.

Samantha has crawled close to Celes. They were both unable to hide their fear and uncertainty in this ritual. They remained untouched by any demon, their master distracted by a formidable friend.

Sam felt the soft chest and groped the tips with her fingers. Celes tried to push away the culprit.

"Unhand me..."

The clan leader has tears in her eyes. Samantha is enthralled, hysterical at the sight. She accosts the weeping woman who ruled them with pride until now. It will be just like that time.

Both their breath quicken. Samantha wants to see Celes like that.

A demon, bare ashen skin, comes from the darkness behind and plunged its cum laden dick into Sam without warning. Celes was pinned beneath them both.

Samantha maneuvers to pop the demon out, and guides it entirely with her Mons Venus to enter Celes. After the sound of it entering pleases her ears, Celes consumed by the sensation, grabs both breasts greedily and forces Celes' pubic mound together with hers.

"Aah! N-Aah! St-Aah!"

Sam laughs at Celes' hilarious apoplexy.

The record keeper, coven leader, head witch. The augmented power of Sam's soft body on top of her. She lets up long enough for a moment of love. Celes begins locking eyes, fiercely, their clits pressed together, they start moving from there.

The demon on top of Samantha came in Celes. Their gyration is no doubt pushing it beyond its threshold. The considerable force made its sheath cry out.

Sam leered at her losing competitor, then took a moment to allow the trunk to lift her up. It only managed to slide between the two momentarily releasing more spunk high enough to get on Celes' neck, lubricating their midsections. Messy. Sam sucked at Celes' right breast until she was ready.

The hydra's tentacles began sliding along their sides.

--13--

Priscilla was redressed in rope bondage, spectral tendrils that came out of the knight's helmet reached the ceiling, and hold her aloft with her facing the ceiling.

The black knight continues to punish the helpless princess, welt marks begin to form on her flesh from slaps and rope burns.

Her face had its share of rough play, fingering in her mouth. His thumb against her tongue, she keeps her mouth open, and his black cock slides along her face until he tilts her head back and puts it in her mouth. It pulls at a rope deeply grooved in her butt and metal fingers touch her stomach.

After cumming down her throat the knight lifts up its helmet mask and pushes her face in for a kiss. She shrieks only briefly as demonic energy twists her mind, spectral tendrils going straight through her, but some more tangible object deeply kisses her to silence.

The helmet comes off and she slowly falls headfirst backward in the armor through its lid as her back is lifted up. The knight puts the helmet back on. A tuft of blue smoke exits the mask.

"Huff." It sighs, as though satisfied.

She feels something in her vagina, caressing her. Was she just dreaming? There's a sense of something powerful coursing through her, beginning at her anus, exiting her at the opposite end, cleaning her insides out. She sticks out her tongue to taste the air, she puts her hand near her face and feels jets, like a jacuzzi. She tries closing her mouth, tries swallowing, can't. She can see her hand, dimly, in blue light. She begins to feel very good, her thoughts are erotic. The lack of sensory input, besides sex, she thinks of the best sex, and the black knight.

The roof opens and she emerges with blue veins of magic along her skin, her blonde hair now bleached a light blue. Her white skin is exceptionally pale. She's healed. She's riding, the sex, the feeling of sex never left her. Blue mist emits from her eyes and mouth. She fondles the black cock in front of her lovingly licking, kissing. This is definitely her knight, but what is this body she's in?

There was an old lover, the brutish memory made her wet. She sucks at its black cock, gouts of white smoke come out of her mouth while she edges it.

It's rock hard. She stands up and steps out, its body closing after. She rides the black knight reverse cowgirl with the mist from her body somehow helping her.

The tendrils take the form of snakes around her. She finishes. The black cock recedes. She lifts the mask for a goodbye kiss. The armor lies dormant momentarily before evaporating.

The feeling of sex never leaves her, the snakes pinch her, and move around, as though they wouldn't let her dwell on the pleasure too long.

--14--

The summoned dog is enjoying itself with an orgasmic bitch tightening around each shaft. Its enjoyment growing.

It's time. It connects its pleasure with her.

The dog lowers its head next to hers and lets out an intimidating growl getting her heart pounding. Her cervix clamps and envelopes its knots, making her head tilt up and her body rapidly flex. Her eyes roll up, feeling what it feels as well. It shoots its two barrels that laden her womb and her colon.

Its knots slowly slid out before Layla clamped down once again. She let out a growl of her own and began to moan in a more erotic way.

--15--

Trista, eyes wide, her master remaining distant while inside her, watched this scene together.

"Would you like to be with your sister?"

A greater wolf demon, a humanoid, is summoned. The same approximate stats of the summoned dog, with humanoid hands.

Trista is guided off The Devil's dick and begins touching the wolf's crotch. She uses her lips, tongue, and curved her back slightly. Then, out sprung two pointed dicks one at a time bubbling out lubricant.

--16--

Her senses returned.

"Cute doggy. You're a good boy."

She thought she should treat it like a friendly puppy and continued fondling its cocks.

Pretty soon she was on her back with it sliding a single one of them into her wet young snatch. It came immediately and pulled out with a pained look.

Trista turned around.

"Like my sis. Do it with both."

She could barely contain her excitement. She handled The Devil's cock, and now she is going to be one with her sister.

"Make me your bitch. I want to mother a wolf family."

The wolf looks at the dog, its knots keeping it stuck. Layla was entirely jilling off its girth without listening to it.

The wolf takes a long look at what it's been offered. It pants and licks its chops.

"Mine." He says, almost sounding angry, his voice deep and rough.

It raises itself over Trista and plants its head in front before its legs shivering in anticipation making it difficult, pressing its dicks to her holes, and thrusting the points in. Trista stands up from her position almost pulling away to avoid convulsing. She's grabbed and vigorously swings her hips until everything's forced down to the base.

"Mine." He repeats, tension pitches in his voice.

One cock penetrated all the way into her womb, the distorted bulge showing. His unused cock entered her asshole and came as fast as the first one nearly did, and it filled her insides.

She felt the one in her womb, her uterus slicked by its first cumshot. It flexed repeatedly, he came, or was he still cumming?

Fucking horny demons is the best.

She looks over at her sister also enjoying it. Guiltily, she glances at The Devil. Does he know? He doesn't budge an inch each time he fucks a girl. It's like he can't feel it.

The wolf swore, and growled, mimicking the dog's attempt to control its mate and failing.

"You're my bitch. You cum when I say. Now cum hard and cry for me."

Rather than becoming a bitch, she felt something empowering. Her sister and her, together, control the dog demons with coitus. Its knots are now fully engorged.

"You can't make me cum. But I can make you."

She deliberately flexes and moves to stimulate.

The wolf shutters, and spends its loads into her again. He was being tamed by her with each clench from her insides. She lets out a light sigh, one of pleasure like drinking a glass of water, and he is released.

"Turn around."

He does.

"Cum inside Trista. Your wolf matron wants to feel it again."

She lay on her back, with his tail facing her. She couldn't push the knots all the way in from this angle, but she didn't let him go until he came once more.

The two doggies in front of her had happy wagging tails. And her sister's profile, a little bit of red knot sticking out of her vagina, her breasts hanging, her back curved, her butt cheeks spread wide, the skin around her anus was convex. Her sister was absolutely a bitch for her dog. Both of their tongues hung out.

Trista couldn't see what her wolf mate's face looked like, she lifts its tail to see its anus. It let out a little whine as if to say "stop".

--17--

Layla saw her sister and the wolf. Her struggle with her mate edging to a mutual climax.

Trista told the wolf to get on all fours and present its back to her, Layla saw an intelligent creature bend to a little girl's will. She got a view of her sister's genitals.

The tension from the knots finally brought her over the edge and she didn't care until it stopped.

She looked back and saw her sister watching her face. She stopped panting like a dog and finally let it go.

--18--

Satan walks over to Celes and helps her up. Samantha is motioned to come. They walk over to his throne and she's sat there.

The demons vanish, releasing their abused captives, except the hydra.

Many of the sisters can't stand and simply remain, their heads low to the floor.

The two siblings had given up looking at each other during a never-ending clitoral stimulation and merely held each other for now.

Layla can manage to stand.

Trista tries and then catches both her breasts with one arm before sitting back down.

"Celes and Trista are to be the next vessels."

After transforming Trista, she walks away with grace. Her original power and unspeakable new potency precede her.

"What about this one?"

He transforms Celes and announces, "I don't have anything to do with that. I'm going for a walk."

--19--

The hydra helps every single woman, as much as she likes. The shady part of the demon realm was closed off before it could exit.

--20--

Journal Entry.

Recorded May 2015 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.

There's some kind of hundred dick blue dragon.

Layla and cohort got stretched out by giant dogs.

Priscilla looks pregnant.

Layla talks about puppies because she's sure she got pregnant too.

My best girl Samantha used me, and between her and the demon I was no match.

I was given a gift by The Devil. My wishes have been fulfilled, I want everything in this wonderful new world we're in to become one with me now.