Chapter 6: Layla

--1--

Layla brought Camen, a powerful man, home. She said nobody would be there.

Camen is lustful and greedy. He felt his sack swelling from heat and sweat.

This is coming. Don't think about it, it's going to happen, she said so, and we're here already. She'll lick his smegma off and they'll fuck like dogs in heat.

Layla's been to the same school with him. She is well-endowed. Only, now she had the air of confidence. She came straight for him at ball practice.

He snuck into her bedroom and saw a prissy pink bed with curtains. So this is a girl's bedroom. Normally he'll do it in his car, but this girl's thick, there's no room back there.

--2--

"She has not sensed me. She's coming near. Just around the next turn."

Layla walks past and only sees Camen. He's naked.

"You're impatient. But I can be more impatient than you. Your cock isn't hard yet."

Her moistness returned that day and she needed a man badly.
 
Layla undresses to her underwear. She feels very hot with him in her room.

"It's very warm in here. Did you touch the thermostat? Did you burn something?"

This will do him in.

She turns her back to him, removes her bra, very slowly. Her body is still very thin. She isn't showing yet.

She enters the room closet and after undressing all but her panties, takes a nightdress off a hangar and slips into it.

His manhood hardens. She can smell the pre-ejaculate like he had put it in her nose.

"Are you waiting for me to make the first move now even though I've been ready? Look at this."

She removes her panties and tosses them. He catches them with a sizzle.

Sizzle.

There's white ash on the floor, scorch marks on the ceiling.

Sheets of his sweat slide like candle wax down Camen's body. His hair ignites.

"Camen..."

She looks around carelessly for any other clues. Camen's dead. This is. Get out of there.

Her mind tries to warn her but-

The fire demon already takes her. She automatically fights to pull her arm away from the burning. He throws her on the bed, curtains alight.

"My arm."

It's burnt and numb, the touch of his hands far hotter and stronger than any human.

As much as I like strong men, my magical instincts are honest. This is so bad. My body is sweating so hot.

She casts a spell to cool the room down, and it rains, the fire around her quenches. But only for a moment.

He sets on her and locks his hips with hers. The pain of it makes her violently fight and scream.

She feels his burning phallus rub her clit, it's spurting precum.

When was the last time he? It's a fire something, can you even call this an imp? Who the fuck cares!? Get the fuck off me I can't talk and scream in pain.

Her clothes dry off and burn, her panties too, the phallus ignites in blue. She nearly orgasms, the tip of him boiling her pussy lubricating ejaculate she's stored up. Her body responds by squirting out more until it put out his ball sack it brushes her, sizzle sizzle.

She pleads with this creature's eyes, as she thrust her pelvis, kicks both her legs out, with the hope it comes even close to a man's instinct, she wasn't into it.

I don't accept this. I'm pregnant. I've been claimed by another.

I was going to fuck Camen like a bull rider and throw him out.

Her back arches. Nipples, missile tits, erect, he's making her cum with a little friction and heat. Then he rams in. She contracts all at once. He has to thrust repeatedly to get all the way inside. Her hands try to move but he's still holding her wrists down, and only her head and pelvis can move forward enough to get him out even slightly. She sees the light show while she shouts at the top of her lungs for him to-

"Stop it!"

Her cunt spasmodically grips, trying to hold him in. She's having another orgasm, isn't she? Every blessing she feels from it is humiliation in disguise.

It's painfully hot and what's left of the cold spell is erased from within her. The room is ablaze, and now her insides are heating up so fast. Her insides start to show through her skin because of translucency and light. The muscles surrounded by the unbearable light contract involuntarily, which is bad for her because that's an orgasm she can't stop.

His tongue protrudes and Layla sees clearly. Oily black at first, it ignites pink and green in the air.

He slides it in her mouth and it tastes like oil. Deep in he thrusts. She lights up and glows from the inside like an ornament.

Grabbing her breasts and twerking the nipples, milk beads on the areolae. He moves back to get a better look. Layla rubs her swollen nipples clearly in pain.

He strokes them with his hands, kneading her breasts roughly. They spurt. Layla can clearly see the pleasure on his face, her erect teat. Her body moves on its own against his erection while he plays with her.

He kneads her left breast so it's pointed like an ice cream cone. He puts his painfully hot face down the suction on the cone makes her yell and it's incredibly hot before he digs his teeth in swallowing her ice cream as it's forced out. He meanly shoves his thumb into the right side blackening the tip of her nipple. He lifts his head revealing the bite marks and pulls both with incredible pinching force.

She chokes air rather than breathing properly, she pees and it quickly evaporates. Her sweat cools her off finally, once he lets up. He turns her on her left side like her struggle is meaningless.

Her backside is scorched slowly as he feels it with one hand. Her breasts jiggle freely, the areolae throbbing. She manages to put her hand on one to massage it. Her head is pressed down on the bed. The sheets fall off the bed in ashes.

She's unable to move intentionally from the pain and the damage. But her hips keep moving.

He grabs her ass cheeks and slaps them. Her body tries to move and throw him off. He raises her right leg. Her inner thighs are significant. Her calves are pretty nice, and the monster spends time lavishing them with its burning affection.

There is only one place left unruined. She thinks. Her toes curl.

She's pleased by the sensation but wished it would end, her contracting abdomen and vagina no longer sensitive.

He pulls out and turns her face down grabbing her hair he immediately rams inside of her asshole. He forces her head up and scorches from his elbow run down her back. He gropes her swelling tits and angrily squeezes them, the milky secretions of her body sizzling. Her hair partly burns off.

--3--

Her spine heats up to glowing hot which causes her orgasm reflex to engage. She let out pleasured noises now.

He does this ride in her asshole for several minutes enjoying the way she looks until his partner stops making noises and her anal canal stops wetly gripping him.

He speaks in a garbled spittle dripping manner, the oil leaking out his mouth.

"You're so close. You aren't done."

He pulls out and uses her vagina. Fire breath coming out of his mouth now the air is nearly three hundred degrees. The room barely remains intact.

He grabs her burned arms and thrusts into her still wet place. She's so good.

It feels good to him.

He pulls out to let his fire ignite and shoves it back in. He does this repeatedly.

"You're gonna kill me."

She finally got that out.

He leans his weight and holds her neck with both hands forcing her head in the ashes.

He's able to make her orgasm like this several times until the pleasure causes him to finally cum.

Her charred image was the only beauty he was familiar with, the silky smooth skin he felt when they began was something ephemeral. He looks at her bony body, both of them returning to room temperature. Her skin burned black everywhere he touched while he feasted on her essence.

She's strong. I could impregnate her if I push her harder next time.

"Be prepared. Next time. I won't go easy on you."

He gets up and vanishes.

--4--

Breathe in. Wounds healed. The pain was an illusion of her mortal form.

"Next time? I won't go easy on you."

She casts an arsenal of spells.

"Now you'll be mine."