Chapter 7: A Growing Rift

--1--

Trista has no home to go back to. She saw it on fire.

The fire station search-and-rescue team did their best. Her sister's body wasn't found. All the possessions in her room vanished. It's as if something incinerated everything inside.

Trista grew to be physically identical to Layla but she began wearing a striped tie.

She wasn't nearly as productive in the coven during the takeover. Although her business cards and playthings she scraped together in a single night were tremendous assets.

Samantha and Priscilla formed a scrying group and they detected a kindred soul. The culprit.

Sam, "A Fire Fury, one of the false elemental demons."

Pris, "What looks like Layla, if only her spirit. Neither physically here."

Trista found out all she could and stopped attending the meetings and lost her demon sex.

--2--

Priscilla was uplifted, and only partly due to The Devil's favor. She was a demon's muse, and it partook of her dreams, her waking fantasies, her daily experience.

She brings home Sedo. In throws of passion energetic snake-like tendrils grab her, bind her arms above her, sadistic, exciting. Sedo is captured by the phantom that came out of that armor. The black knight has her, it takes its power back, putting it in Sedo just so she'll feel helpless. The man she brings home believes he is in control.

She became mired in the demonic realm. It was impossible to get Trista's sister back without learning more. Deepening relations could prevent the loss of more people she knew.

A frolic among wealthy aristocrats teaches her how men behave while drunk or drugged. Although the drugs they give her are can't quiet her inner demons.

She does the duties of maid, waitress, prostitute.

Every single time. Every chance, she turns a man into her black knight, she's brought to a screaming orgasm, and it reenters her causing nightmarish dreams.

Eventually, she pays her due to The Devil who summoned her demonic artists and disappears.

--3--

Samantha continued to admire Satan. She was granted wishes. She became a dancing dervish, an angel of sorts, with unquenchable nymphomania.

Sex, a battle, or a fight. She'd fulfill desires whether they're man, woman, or devil.

--4--

"Welcome back, class."

The teacher then has a moment of shock.

"Ms. Flocker, who took your shirt?"

With the closest jacket she could grab, the teacher approaches Sam.

Samantha motions to a nearby student who speaks.

"Teacher. Can we all take off our shirts? My dick is hard and I need to remove my pants. It hurts, teacher."

She shakes her head, and the body of students gets up from their seats, as planned, and loosens the teacher's clothes until she's safely denuded in underwear.

"I can't, like this. What is wrong with all of you?"

Sam looks to the female class rep, a very elegant young woman.

"Mrs. Cranella," The class rep unbuttons a button of her over-shirt every few syllables, "we class of 41-A, in this bell period, here and now, demand this class to be nudist." She manages to finish and heaves her chest as her bra slips off. Her boyfriend gets up and cups her wine glass tits, and she continues to stand firm as was planned.

The girls all take off their tops.

"Can I keep my shirt on? I have small breasts."

Samantha stands up and easily turns full circle.

The girl who spoke up removes her clothes entirely. Small tits are beautiful!

"Can I look like her!?"

Sam has an impression of everyone in the class, she would not let them down. She'd recruit the teacher, the class rep, and the innocent admirer and have them each initiated by the coven. Maybe that boy would be a life-long mate, maybe not.

But most importantly, she wants them to forget they had planned this. Her craving, they should tie her to her desk and have their way with her rather than be so submissive.

The nudist class lasts about ten minutes. Looking for someone to relieve them, the women find all the men have moved over to Samantha. Her wish is granted and the gymnasium scene seems to repeat just like she imagined and then willed it.

--5--

The two sisters can't imagine cumming any other way since the blue tentacles played with them, connecting them, and sometimes deeply caressing inside them. They try to live normally. They ignore the changing scene around them. The energies of darkness, the demons, the gallivanting devils, and their kin. They're alone together right now. They try to connect their orgasm with magical telepathy while masturbating.

Another failure.

One takes out the double-ended dildo, a flared middle, and they have the usual ass-to-ass anal intercourse.

They research many more demons.

So this is the place. So many half-breed demons already, the very young, evidence of interbreeding. The older ones are pure, they exude a presence. It was too intimidating so they quietly left.

We should go to the basement.

They walk past the kennels where the lowest carnal beasts are bred. A snarling ginger-haired beast is speaking their language.

"Come to me. Faker. I will take you."

The two girls stand closer to listen.

"Don't toy with me. Faker. Can you understand me? You're a worthless fake. Don't torment me."

"One jagged erection. Sadly, not all demons have two cocks. This one's useless."

"Hold on, it speaks English."

One girl reaches to its face and a pink tongue licks her hand. Oddly tame response.

"You're better than most." It says.

It slurps her hand in, and the suction is pleasant. She feels its tongue. One... Two tongues.

The thing releases her after a minute and it's silent, its eyes glancing around.

She opens her mouth and sticks her tongue out and points.

The speaker opens its mouth. It lacks teeth, but somehow with two tongues about the width and shape of their favorite toy.

The girls are very happy. "We can try something."

They negotiate with the beast keeper. For an hour of contact with them touching her, she'll grant access to the human speech mimic.

--6--

They rested on the keeper and took turns napping until she put her hands on their heads and stood up. She opened the gates for them and wandered off with the gates still open.

The speech mimic remained still. It had fur, the shape of a mammal, like a lion. It wouldn't talk.

The girls flaunt their privates. It stood from its resting position and became erect expectantly.

One caressed its head and stuck out her tongue. It seemed to roll its eyes, then they repeated the look at its tongues close-up.

They worked something out. A girl placed her entire naked rear inside it. It sucked at her and only ever slightly began tasting her with its tongue. She laughed from the tickling, and the other one traded places.

They then tried sitting in the reverse position. The creature could open its mouth enough to rub their tits. Other than its obsession with their breasts it did nothing out of the ordinary.

"Help me," its hope returns.

The girls commune.

They caressed its penis together, but only slightly. Then they went back to training it to use its tongues for their pleasure.

"You are the most beautiful women."

They also gave it caresses for saying nice things.

The keeper returns and speaks up.

"I'm closing up for the night. I can't let anybody walk in." She left.

"Don't leave me like this."

They both waved. And winked. Maybe they will help.

--7--

They waited for signs the keeper was gone and came back to the wall to continue training it.

It could extend its tongues through the barrier.

It spoke in a whisper.

"I'm ready to mate. You are the most beautiful women. Look. When you touched me."

It puts its penis through the gap in the wall. There's a bulbous tip. There's just the slightest hint of a sheath with nodules along the soft skin. It has hair stubble and fur at the base.

They caress it, and stop so it'll give up. It doesn't. They start teasing it more, touching the urethra exit. The beast lets out guttural undulations. There's a click as the shaft visibly flexes because of them. Several minutes pass, and it doesn't give up. One girl puts her middle finger up the urethra.

"No."

They play very naughtily trying to make it give in. Barely touching anything but occasionally teasing it there.

"Have I done anything wrong? You keep offering what I want and making me clean you, then touching me there. Are you young or stupid? That thing goes in you."

It changes tone.

"I didn't mean that. Your beauty. We could have beautiful kids."

It can't see them from where it is. They lick its cock head all over until it starts thrusting, moving away from their faces and coming back too hard. The act it desires, a harrowing fate should it penetrate either of them.

They disapprove and run away.

They come back. It smells them.

One displays her vagina, and begins rubbing it until wet. Her sister is off to the side, concealing a female demon, something like a giant who bragged about wearing equine lovers down.

It places itself through the hole. They tease it ever so slightly until the first twitch.

The giantess gets down and begins servicing its cock orally. She has some thick fur and appears shaven in an ornamental way. Otherwise, she's wearing clothes that look like a novelty t-shirt, and a mini skirt. If anything she looks like a very large girl, with a broad jaw. She's wearing more makeup than either of them. Her eyes flutter, and her slurping becomes more passionate, one can only guess why.

She presses her rear into the penis. The girls glance at each other, unsure if this will work. It goes in smoothly and she lets out a human-like whine between bared teeth. So, she's a formidable actress too.

The scene that unfolds looks vaguely like a giant vibing off a small pink object.

Cried the mimic, "This is so amazing! I can barely express my gratitude. Here is what I give the two most beautiful women in the world."

The giantess jumped and stretched forward as it spoke. Her womb distended before it gave the warning. Was that a look of shock? No doubt she missed what it said. But they heard.

"Let's not do this."

"Forget the threeway. I felt that in my pussy when it came."

"This creature can't be trained."

They rub their clits until they calm down and return home for the usual, not wanting to give the hydra the satisfaction of knowing they tried and failed to replace it.

--8--

Celes Poker is subordinate to The Devil. She is also the unofficial leader of the coven second to Him.

Cindy, Ruby, and Vuella were bound and released to minor demons, they return each day for playtime and power siphons through them. It has its perks, they seem very satisfied. New recruits follow a similar path.

Celes has her way, domesticating women, or stealing them from men and bringing them to the fold. The better looking the more likely Celes takes a shine. She bestows them power with her own body that makes them last longer physically and mentally before they are sired by something ruinous to their relationship.

--9--

Ruby's horn dog loves to make her cry. His rough sex is so painful she doesn't dare make a noise until he spurts seed into her. She's a loyal bitch to him and doesn't want any men. Pretty soon she absorbs the rage of his sex. During fights, she is hard as steel. A boot comes down on her face and she swipes it off, "You can't satisfy me nearly as much as he will tonight!" She trips her opponent and scissor-leg-locks. Her swollen uterus needs to be torn into and ravaged before she'll give in.

"The story goes, a half-man half-wolf groped her on the subway. His fingers were broken." The audience of a few people who follow her like to brag about it. Similar incidents became something of a story to spread.

A hybrid wolf demon was generated based on the horn dog and the wolf demon at base.

Ruby was besmirched for not giving birth to her own children. She tested one after the creation.

"Wolf cub, half my husband. I dare you to touch me."

Touch her. It did. It smelled her power was desirable. It had no mating desire yet but it still poured its anger into her. It could touch her anywhere, and she could hardly fight it. She was quite satisfied.

"If only such a powerful breed could replace the men in my life."

She'd assault and enrage several of these cubs to test their mettle in combat and bed before getting captured by peace-keeping demons, in jail for public indecency.

Without its mate showing, it thought her dead. The horned dog roamed and scared the locals before getting dragged to a demon's kennel.

--10--

Cindy's demon was impatient and she screamed every time it came. Despite that, she couldn't shake her need for it.

Her body was good as new within a few hours and she felt better every day. She slowly became very confident in organized fashion.

The Devil read her mind when she attempted to consort with him for his power as well.

"It would be a gift if I tamed her demon as well as it tamed her."

She was commanded to groom more women as human livestock. A lingerie fashion line was extended to get women more attuned to their receptive nature. Cindy also fabricated a line of lingerie with a reflective rune pattern. Article writers make suggestions about bestial hair grooming. A certain bodysuit was created, which is meant to be submerged in a bathtub before wearing.

--11--

Vuella's demon kept outside and often demanded she stay with it all night. She was unable to sleep with her husband until she voluntarily ended their relationship and marriage.

There wasn't much else for her to do but feel the weight of her true love. His thick semen would flow into her with her enraptured gaze, into her mouth, or her lower half.

She put on some weight and her breasts got bigger. Eventually, she woke with demon cubs suckling at her. It was the best feeling she'd have. Her lover mounted her every night while she breastfed their pink-tongued babies.

"It's a miracle. I get to be a mother. None of the others got to."

She had been transformed significantly through long-term exposure to the power. She even ovulated while pregnant like a dog. She could have more cubs again soon.

--12--

City-wide infrastructure became offensive to humanity. Creating brothels where women meet demons.

Men felt their value was ripped away, cucked. A demon can be 12 feet tall, with many hands. Sex-starved demons can have multiple phalli. Sex-hungry women were spreading the rumors word of mouth.

A drug informant contacted their police department.

"There is a sex traffic rig going on. Pretty much every week I see hundreds of new women, and they never show up again. I've never seen such a thing and it was extremely expensive just to get within view. The women looked incredible, their bodies, and the clothes they wore. So many fresh prostitutes, I tried to get with one and she gave me one beautiful cold shoulder."

"Fuck, don't say that on the phone. I know you're undercover but a pedophile like you knows you better keep in line."

"They weren't young."

"Wait what?"

"I say they were mid-age. About the same as me."

"Were you on drugs?"

Regardless this was enough to make the investigation allocate significant resources.

--13--

"This is out of the norm."

There was a silver carpet. It looked like a theater.

A limousine pulled in and out stepped a scrawny man.

"Police line. You can't go in there it's being inspected."

He was stopped before entering the building.

--14--

Soon various women began gathering. They were in turn questioned, and they had few escorts. They said their boyfriend was already waiting, they needed to be there.

"We've been here all day and no men have gone in."

There was just one scrawny guy, and he turned out to be a hired singer.

They went in and the hall was empty. They found a dark room. Police entered it and soon began shouting.

--15--

There were sentinel demons, rocky, robotic, hybridized into stony-faced warriors to consort women. When they saw the cops they went to the dark and remained still, but someone came snooping.

The sliding wall sections hid the full demons. They brought in big lights and soon yelled in fright.

"Great Onk, you have the power and this is the place." Chanting.

The demons summoned a dungeon shade who would ensure the place doesn't get destroyed by outsiders.

"We need to repair the floors and walls afterwards."

"Fuck these cops, if we ambush them they'll never see us."

Like he said the first ambush was a success but eventually they got a shot off, which warned the rest.

"It's metal. Isn't someone immune to metal?"

More bullets were used, the werewolf was immune, and regenerative trolls were immune. It took a long time to subdue the humans outside the darkness.

The dungeon shade warned them.

"Outside, before they acquire a greater power. The onslaught will be nothing by comparison."

--16--

The women were absolutely drop-dead gorgeous.

They started getting calls on their phones. Some got back in their cars and drove away.

"What about your boyfriend?"

"Oh, he's not here. It must be the wrong day."

"Same story, different drop-dead gorgeous MILF."

One woman asked a bigger cop if he'd come with her.

"I'm on duty."

She offered him in no subtle way, allowing him to look down her blouse. She pressed her hand against her own crotch so he could see her cloth darken.

"I think I'm fired."

He takes off his uniform, puts his jacket on her, then goes with her. There were other similar duty abandonment incidents.

The singer left with a woman as well.

"Our men were taken out. That could have been any one of us."

The sky appeared red.

The front and side double doors of the theater open. Team members exit, but their radios are off, their formation is wrong.

"It's a Trojan army."

One of the vans with listening devices shouted over the loudspeaker and then took off.

"Everyone scramble."

The fake team swept through the crowd before they fired a single bullet.

--17--

The women came back. Some even had their police toy boys.

Then they entered the club. Some of the men were concerned with the odd design.

"You'll have to watch."

They had absurd rigs, holes in walls, tables, couches. It was like an erotic sex parlor.

"I'm going to break some laws."

Although they put on their uniforms, minus the badge, they bound the women willing to participate.

"This woman is too small for me. Can we trade?"

"Her breast feels too good I can't let go. Ask Horace."

The men were abruptly shoved to the side and what looked like cows, or giant pigs with stony skin replaced them. The men's concerns were forgotten by moaning and hysterical screaming women. The noises soon became sensual.

Cum filling their bellies, there was quite a gushing sound as all the rough men came.

The jilted men checked their flings. Doe-like eyes, exhausted.

"I'm thirsty. Give me that D."

"Excuse me?"

"This is nuts. Are you alright?"

The women opened up and waited for it. The stony men began reinserting. The men were drained orally and emotionally.