Chapter 8: Party Animals

--1--

After the expansion of the demon territory into the human realm slowed it started to harden its inside.

Beware of outsiders. Throw them off our trail.

The first instituted delusion are constant parties. Just about anyone could find attractive singles at parties.

There's a flyer along the road every mile from a house party.

Flyer: Come to 1350 Appleview Blvd. party at 11. singles or swingers only.

A van of seven people. They drove halfway across the state not to be caught locally.

It was a pretty big resort club. They were legal drinking age at least.

The first thing they noticed was the bartender was a woman with a demi-human getup, horns and tail.

"Is she an ox?"

"There are hired waitresses in bikinis with tails too. Hey, that one's a bunny with a bow tie."

"This is some class."

Their senior Jibrilla stepped forward.

"I'm going to look for the nasty part. These places are full of it. I'll be back if I score us a few."

The bunny waitress comes up to Brent who mentioned her, offering a snack, her cleavage. She began adjusting the bow tie, pushing her tits together but whoops her hand came down on the cusp over her nip and it was fully bare. She put her hand over it slowly and dropped a wink while bending the cusp back.

The group split apart, trying not to stick out, but Brent still looks around wondering who saw that.

--2--

Brent was brought to a table reserved for that bunny.

More women came and sat next to him. Eventually, rabbit ears appeared on his lap, and he could feel her rubbing his crotch working his cock out. She slips her mouth around it and the blood engorges.

He looks at the woman on his right. She's looking at him in a very interested sort of way. She shows off her bra and cleavage to him, several do on that side.

The table slides back more and he can see the waitress easier. Her tail. She turns around and works him with her pussy, that tail spread out in front of him until he comes and breathes harshly.

They dim the lights and another suited girl comes to repeat, most of the features too dark to see. Her cherry lipstick and eye mask stand out. Another load goes into this one's tastefully displayed spread.

The girls are amazing nymphos. The women on his side are pretty attentive too.

--3--

Jass went dancing at first. She quit and went outside for a solo spot to show off her body.

With lots of energy, she truly enjoyed dancing for a crowd.

Someone played music. Backup dancers came to enjoy too.

"This is really fun."

--4--

Jibrilla worked her way to the back and talked to the toughest-looking guys. Most of them registered her with their eyes but nothing more. Eventually, she found someone who put his arms around her and gave her a table.

She is attracted to big men. She strips her clothes off and tries to hide in men's coats. She feels them stiffen their body and then relax as she presses in.

"I came with friends. I think they'd love this."

"You need some time with us."

She agreed. She sweat like mad and they gave her a lot of fresh juice to cool off. She noticed her heartbeat racing.

Did they spike the drinks?

She had sex with a few men and women. The men used protection. She sixty-nined the females. A hermaphrodite surprised her but she suckled both members, the cum from her cock was not unlike what she's tasted before.

There were holes in the wall and she sucked on dicks they stuck through. Some didn't appear to be human.

"Just don't swallow. The alcohol will sterilize it. Spit it out now."

"You're making them happy, but you know you could do this for some dough?"

She placed her lower half through a wall and felt dozens of tongues.

"That has to be a pig licking me, it's so long."

She was pretty exhausted and a male swinging his big dick came up to her face. She grinned because her lovers were so greedy they couldn't wait for her.

--5--

A couple of guys at the bar loosen up. Some outsiders came over.

"This is Millie. Are you going to y..."

"Hey hey I think they're not from here." Millie interrupts.

Millie's eyes look glossy. Her teary eyes are beautiful.

She serves a few drinks and stands in front of the new guys.

From this angle, I can see her bra. The stools were low.

She turns and starts, clinking glasses.

"See that honey pot? I can see up to her tail under her skirt. Her pussy is shaven too."

Millie speaks coolly.

"Start jerking off slowly."

Several other women with Millie's appeal come out.

"My balls are aching. Millie."

The girls get down and suck them till they're about to blow. One guy does, and they stop.

"Winner."

The others who are unfinished are taken away by the attractive women.

Millie returns and brings the winner to a private booth.

She undoes her top and lets him play with her entire body. He rubs in the oils she gave him there until her nipples entice him and he sucks at them.

She lies on a table, her lower half for him to enjoy. She lifts her legs. The tail is realistic, her vagina looks like it could take his whole fist, her ass bone is deep causing a valley around her anus.

He needed to cum again anyway and this was the perfect place. His eyes lock on her vagina.

--6--

The men who were escorted away were forced to work, milking girls who were lining up for free massages.

They started fucking, and cumming in each girl. The girls appeared to be dressed as different animals.

Eventually, they saw more oxen come to inspect their work.

"They fucked every one of us."

"We were told to. Are we in trouble?"

"You're a lower class from the men they're trained by. Let me show you."

An ox man let out a hot breath and flared his nose.

Several oxen and hybrid ox demons emerged and shoved twenty-inch dicks in shooting cum, blowing their human cum out the vagina of each girl.

"That should undo any damage. Just in case, you're hired, permanently. Keep an eye on the girls, we have business."

--7--

A stage was there. On it, a female club announcer wearing some crazy winged outfit.

"It's late. So let's start the best part. The club doors."

They close the doors and evidently lock them and draw shades down. Lights come on.

"Fire code violated... Who said that?"

A bubbly woman is brought on stage. She's fitted with a green collar right there. She's something like a dog fetish.

"It's time for a bitch show. Let's all remain quiet and welcome Spizzard."

They bring out a big animal that could be a dog or lizard.

Jibrilla is brought on stage.

She gets down grinning. Out comes her chosen mate. It's a yellow pig-man.

"Jibrilla!"

The first woman is pawed at with webbed hands with long dull claws. and a scruffy long neck.

One of her friends shout it's not what they wanted. The drugs came back to her friends. They brought Jibrilla with them. The drugs start to work.

The huge pig's penetration pushes Jibrilla's stomach out, a whining scream comes out of her mouth. Her face is red, it is forced down to the stage floor, sweating, and she's pumped repeatedly for a half-hour bearing the weight of a pig announcing every time she has to force the cum out.

Spizzard has a way of taking his time, and finally starts slowly stuffing his little doggy when the stage grows silent long after the pig's done.

A friend believes she can feel every orgasm Jibrilla has and faints. She's held by a demoness in pigtails rubbing her clit until she regains consciousness.

The hostess from the stage greets her with a kiss. She puts her tongue in and grinds her clit. The demoness works her way into her asshole, apparently not only female.

--8--

Brent has experienced many of the surrounding women. He was fully serviced.

When they started the sex show and delivered him drugs his cock became fully erect. He got to see from the side, the penetration, and how the woman moved. It was far away.

More girls came, they wipe the corners of their mouths, and their faces, teary-eyed, their cunts drooling.

"I need this cum." One emphasis on 'this' with a quick curtsey and pressing her lips together.

The dim lights made it difficult to see the girls. They were wearing costumes, with tails, fur, and wings, exotic. Their faces were devilish with broad uncalled-for expressions.

His cock was squeezed over and over, by the power of an exotic uterus. They emotionally squeezed him, exotic faces happy, on the verge of tears, incredibly horny, and drooling. Why'd they drool like that?

He felt their asses directly with his hand when they mounted him, muscular, sometimes small, some wore lingerie.

Girls of a delicate nature started to come over, and he was held by the women he had just given himself to. Something wrong with the way he touched them maybe? The gentle sensation of the small, sensitive woman touching his cock tickled him and brought him to a powerful orgasm. His cum would come in contact with these girls' skin. Enough to satisfy them. They waned while looking in his eyes so the next could take their place.

--9--

Jass came out, danced, and waited by the car once everyone left. She wasn't into the club scene.

Some of her friends came.

"Where's Brent? Where's Jibrilla? Hey, I'm not leaving without my main girl. Doesn't Sick Kid have the car keys?"

"Nope. Got them here."

"Ok, what about Jizz Kid?"

"I think I saw him spanking a girl wearing cow print with a rager."

"What the fuck? No, he wasn't."

"Sick kid was O.D. A girl giving me handy, we made out. She foxy."

"You're not right," she says this with a laugh expecting a "gotcha" coming.

--10--

Various seeds, passing for humans, are sent in exchange for real humans to schools mostly.

A lecherous teacher meets a girl in class.

"Teacher your thing feels..."

She gives him what he wants just once, he a vanilla fanboy that still forgets to use protection.

The females come to him of all breeding ages. His girl was a magical creature, she is far more powerful and lecherous than he.

--11--

The bustiest student is a part-time model. Gregory can't keep his eyes off.

One day she leaves a note. He wanders into a trap, unable to ever meet her, his life flashes before his eyes. The bullies are scared off screaming.

He is allowed to fondle her until he falls asleep. It's like a dream.

Sexy stories in school like this keep occurring now, and the heavy foot of education slipped over banana peels.

--12--

A college vine comes out.

"Wolfman on *** campus, a molester and rapist who wears a wolf costume is perpetually victimizing female members of the student and staff."

Despite cameras' surveillance and pocket recorders, the alleged victims couldn't get a clean image or sound.

--13--

Mr. Horx was going through phases of being exhausted and turning into a wolf. His dick metamorphosis left him aroused, and his brain would shrink leaving him with nothing but primal rage, and an erection.

"This curse is incredible." He tends to think this upon reverting back to human form.

He is a scrawny man but his charm shined through, women fawned for him. When he got the scent of a female it began. Soon he'd breed, but not with the ones he knew.

The women who willingly gave into their desire were very satisfied. He could stay humanoid, his strength increasing dramatically.

The other women thought he was courteous and jovial during dates. One who was gagged and tied in a bathroom even found out he had a heroic streak.

--14--

Come guns blazing. Leave bred.

"This is Sgt. Calk reporting. Ultra bomber psycho."

"There's been radio silence. Report."

"No resistance. We found an underground farm. There was no resistance. Repeat. No resistance."

"Just watch out for mega beasts."

Sgt. Calk felt blessed that day. He got into a firefight with the most absurdly dressed beast-mounted warrior who disarmed him. He forgot his wife and kids and thought only about her now.

She had metallic skin. Her eyes were like blown glass, sparkly, see-through. Her armor was full until she took off the parts that mattered anyway.

He was hard just thinking about that and wanted to remember what happened next.

"Incoming!"

"Hold your fire." Sgt. Calk commands. "Lower your weapons."

Everyone, "Incoming! Incoming. Bogey. Behind you!"

"Sir they've captured half our men, we need to fight back."

"Hold your dick. Private, the one in front of you, I see clear as day she's a catch. A real cute one."

"Sir?"

"You like girls don't you?"

"Y-y yes sir!"

This must be the thing called peace.

--15--

In the demon realm, there is a natural order. Devils at the top, hybrids in middle, demons at the bottom.

So naturally, they competed.

There's a concert. Female idols in frilly lingerie on stage. Their breasts are bouncy and their eyes are wide with a surprised look. There's a force behind their expressions, giving the audience energy.

They begin dancing. Their choreography hangs their breasts and they jiggle. They display their butts. The lights flash brightly and they tilt, the female lead exits the stage, and a busty set girl's wardrobe malfunctions.

They return for the second act. This involves a bustier girl taking a horse-sized cock in her ass from a bull demon.

"One heart one love."

--16--

A forest tournament is organized, a fight or fuck orgy.

The main rules are to use stunning weapons to capture a target, briefly mark them to submit, then have sex.

Some of the girls capture demons and vice versa. It's purely a physical sport.

--17--

A later date has a mind-break gauntlet.

The stakes are too high for arbitration. Natural demons lose in great numbers. The girls with devil imbued blood, and the half-breeds use their full powers from magic, wit, to immense strength.

Any demon that reaches the end has access to mate with the participating men and women and create new hybrids. The failures were to give away their energies, the partners they'd sleep with to generate the energy would be other demons, much less enjoyable.

--18--

There is a natural order in the Human, the mortal realm. Humans are the weakest, and so abundant no other faction competes.

It's common for a single hybrid to mate with an entire fleet of adult humans. Some are even capable of spreading parasitic magic auras, simply feeding off life forces.

In rare instances the demons humor a human, and grant exceptional pleasure. Those demons become familiars rather than masters.

--19--

Even rarer, there's a devil seeking to empower humans, demon broods, and trade in human flesh.

At least, this is what people say.