Chapter 9: Rivals

--1--

A woman possessed, Angie was submitted to a psychiatric ward.

"She is a hundred percent not of this world."

The weirdos with prognosis after prognosis tear away at her humanity.

"Delusions."

The corrupt guard at the door lets in whoever shows up. The guards double up with one outside her door. The doctors are willing to spend mere minutes with her.

"Good morning Ms. Doe."

"Call me Angie. Please."

"Oh, that's right. You don't like to hear the truth. There is no Angie. All your claims have been falsified to date. We must deal with the fact that you have a fractured mind."

"Isn't my case still being reviewed?"

"Let's get to something constructive. Shall we?"

"Marriage?"

"Yes. Marry me and I can take you out of here. It is the same offer as before."

The doctors often say this and never make good on it.

"Here take this. It'll make the next part intense."

They provided stimulants.

"Did the modification scars heal? Good, I'll be enjoying this body too someday."

They provided plastic surgery and body modifications.

Angie has been working out, her arms begin to gain muscle.

"We're reducing your protein."

"Don't. Please don't put me in the jacket. I'll stay still."

"You're a danger to yourself if you're left like this."

Her body figure became that of a plastic doll's appearance against her will. Her image became like a very young girl, with long hair.

She was dressed up and ordered to carry drinks in small plastic cups for patrons of unusual places. Her outfits were ridiculously sexy despite her young looks.

"It's like it was worth all the trouble."

She did photo shoots in other rooms set up like a stage.

Eventually, she was sent away, the hospital apparently satisfied with her. She slept somewhere new every day for several years, her sense of self, lost. No name.

She became a bondage slave, the looks the hospital forced on her faded, and so did her mind. Her plastic looks became torn and distorted.

"If there's a god or a devil somewhere I would give my soul to him just to end this."

A wealthy man bought her and used her like a ragdoll until her final day as herself. She with a bloated belly from starvation, merely a diet of bread slices, from her arms she saw a living corpse.

Her organs were harvested before she even passed out at the inhumane place they sent her.

--2--

Angie woke up, she was even shorter than before. Although she never really knew her height, she could tell the size of her body changed.

A number of dolls surround her.

She examined the nearest doll, it was lifelike, her height. She reached to touch it, but her arm wasn't right, the movement a little off.

Then that doll moved.

"Not so close."

"What did you say?"

A talking doll.

"Don't touch me. You're not finished and it's creepy."

Same height as her. Looks like a doll. Not a doll.

"You talked. Then again, how am I talking with my mouth covered?"

"Huh?"

"My mouth is covered, I feel the fabric on it, there's a ball gag when I was cut, they kept me quiet. The pain of my surgical scars. Wait. I have arms. Those were the first thing amputated."

"You sound like you went through hell. You've got a story. We'll get in trouble if we talk here."

There was something too amusing about a doll talking to her. Angie looks around.

Lights brightened. Someone very tall took her out of the closet, then she fell asleep.

--3--

She woke up while moving around.

"I feel possessed."

She danced like every muscle on her moved with perfect grace. The stopped, her head lolling to the side.

"Wonderful. She's wonderful. By far the best work I've ever seen."

Angie moved her eyes to the side, there was a smooth white and black harlequin doll with a generous anatomically accurate figure.

"Lean for the customer."

She could see the doll move after her tights were adjusted. An ample cleft of her Venus Mons, and buttcheeks, evidently anatomically correct.

"Spread."

She balanced with one hand and spread her butt with the other.

A man sounding very excited spoke up.

"Just how... strong?"

"One-hand-stand... There's no way to tell. But she could be a completely autonomous bodyguard."

"I'll take her. Training her would be a treat."

Angie was taken.

"You'll be with us a long time. With girls like you, this organization is going to be big."

She and a dozen or so other girls were known as synth-brains. Synths were docile, the real ones at least.

--4--

A jazzy club, The Grind. Also known to the locals as 'the snook'.

Big Kella "Da badass" was at the V.I.P. lounge section playing with his escorts.

There was Minnie, Kendra, Slaya... and he randomly catcalls them and touches them as the primary source of communication. A very hands-on management style, they're well versed in it.

Betty took a seat in his lap. He didn't protest and lifted her breast up while she puffed them out. He tried to get one nipple up by twerking her under her clothes and after a moment she reciprocated a pained moan. Reveries working her emotionally, rather than any skill of his.

The adult club didn't allow nudity but that wasn't a restriction for the customers, it was more to protect them from the uncanny beauty.

Sandy, Big's next best thing (TM) undid her top, expecting to get a tip. His big dick felt heated on her thigh and she worked it out till it was stiff in the air.

"Big's D."

She worked him with her eyes. She would not, absolutely would not let anyone else touch it. He was going to look at her, and she'd go down on him then.

"I really could use more of that good stuff, and money doesn't hurt."

Betty was getting the works. Sandy moved in for a team up and Betty was receptive, their tongues touched. Big Kella made some approving grunts and signaled his 'money' over.

Money waved about half a grand to get the girls riled up.

This was good for Sandy. She felt ready for a quarter grand, she usually splits the take with another girl, but this means she earns as many times as the others earned in a night. She's the best.

Betty had an asinine lull and rocked back a bit. Her breast is sensitive to touch. Kella slips his finger into her.

They're all drinking so they do shots. Betty has a shot between her breasts. They eat snacks.

Sandy snacks on a big D with the recognition she's in danger of being a mere fluffer for the main event.

Sandy wants way more.

"Hey, Minnie come here."

Betty rolls up her shorts and sits with big D between her glutes.

Minnie is wearing a cute lingerie suit and Sandy is as well. They have accentuated their big butts and have on makeup.

"Hi, Big Kella we want you to come with us."

Rustle.

While the other girls were competing she coolly took control of Kella's orgasm. She slipped big D up her ass when he precame. The rough intercourse made him drowsy for a very long time.

"Damn. Damn! Where is it? You know what I mean. The grand I was saving to stuff in my girls."

Betty was a few months into the prostitution business and could have overdosed at any time. Angie changed from a harlot known as Betty to a party girl, Lana.
 
Angie pilfered every bit of cash and tech on Big D. She took the half grand and left to the toilet.
 
She danced for a while and left with a few girls going to another party.

There was a molester and a few guys aiming to take advantage of the drunk girls. Lana completely overpowered them. What a stupid bastard.

Angie upgraded.

Signs she was a synth, like her eye shape and incredibly narrow waist were gradually removed.

Appearance finally back to that of a full human, regaining her life. Her brain was not synthetic, she believed that. Her training was thorough, however.

She acquired an arsenal of magic weapons and resistance. She became infamous, a human without any strings, in the devil age she was free.

--5--

Back at the lab.

"I got this stick from fat dick."

Analysis completed.

"Angie. This is getting serious. Kella was a damn monster. And he was paying huge."

"Enough. Write down a persona and give me a target, that's all I ever need."

--6--

There were a few hellspawn demons that used human disguises riding their souped car ahead of a terror teaming van. Angie took them out and stood in the street not a mile outside their destined target.

Angie meant to raid a party of murderous demons en route. She was pretending to be a dumb cunt, this time, but only for a second.

She removes a bag. She takes off her jacket. She takes off her clothes, revealing her skin. The skin a doll like her has. Synthetic. She removes some grease and spreads it around.

--7--

"Look, a pretty broad. Hi, sweet thing. Get in you're the first tonight."

"She's there naked."

"That's not naked. She's just been worn out. Look some of her clothes are still on. You can see the cum stains and they greased her up."

The spokesman may have been a human but in the van were some wicked abductors, and spawns. Some corrupted dead from their last raid very thinly disguised, like zombies. Real gross shit you would not want to be ten feet from, never mind what they had planned.

"Yo. If you're not gonna move I'll roll over you, bitch."

"Fuck that shit I'm going to eat her."

The van opened and a snake corruption came out.

"Get her, hell yeah, fuck that shit let's go."

Angie's hand fired a beam from her hip and the snakes died. The corrupted fell flat nothing but empty clothes.

After a moment of catharsis, Angie did the same to the van. She didn't even move her body. The van was only slightly damaged.

A girl who was brought alive broke out naked and fell down.

Spawns came out with their tails dripping with what could only be called semen. They were shot out of the air. Angie's team is at the side of the road.

"Easy."

The driver came out with his hands up.

"Don't hurt me I was forced."

He walked dangerously close to the victim on the road. Angie stood up and came over next to them for an assessment.

"Some kidnapped victims. Keep an eye out for more."

The man bumped into Angie and spikes shot out suddenly piercing her. She reflexively decapitated him in a single kick.

Angie wasn't affected but detected spawn toxins in her synthetic nerves. The woman on the road was hit. The team applied triage and took her to fix her up.

--8--

They spent a long time taking out terror raids. The number keeps growing, the source of power is too great. The power of demons and the disguises they used kept improving to no end.

They have a run-in with destiny.

"This is a serious force of nature. A barrier demon. This is not a terror raid. Should we retreat?"

"I'm not letting it through. Intel determined the monstrosities in that group are heinous, vile, totally evil. The things they could do if they simply entered the street among humans. No way."

"Angie. We don't have the strength of a single barrier, we'd die of old age before it has to move. If we aged. A counterspell."

"Got one with me."

Their raid on the terror group went smoothly. A counterspell shut down the barriers, rendering them weak as bugs, and the terror group ran.

--9--

Angie is met by a man at her home. While he talks, she thinks of a way to get out.

"I've been watching. It's amusing that you take out so many low-level demons."

This isn't good. Power-level-wise, I can't get a read. No escape. No escape. This isn't just a demon, it's a hemon.

"Maybe you'll change your mind if you just give it a try for yourself. You'll see, the humans, they're not what you think, and they're not like us. You're clearly not a human. At least, not anymore."

How does he know? Can't say no. He can do things. In the worst place now. He couldn't find a worse time and place.

Angie went.

--10--

It's a goddamn terror raid.

"So, this is the drive over. It's a mock way of saying -we're humans like you pigs, we'll fuck like pig humans-. HAHAH hAH FUCKiNg RiGhT?"

The spokesman was a drug-addled high roll. Evidently, he was human. In fact, most of the convoy was human, but the things with them, clearly, didn't care what that meant. Nor did they. These people are out of their minds.

They drove up to a makeshift house of worship, it's not clear if it's religious or satanic. There are people playing, some are reading. It's the middle of the day. This place is pretty much what a small schoolhouse looks like.

The raid group gets in the mix. They seem to be having fun.

She didn't expect they'd even bother.

It starts to get rowdy and it looks like the place is being taken control of. The humans are stealing women. Someone's calling the police.

"I can't."

Angie knocks the aggressors out one by one.

The onlooking demons turn to leave. Mollified because of her oppressive nature.

"No. You stay and try me. Just tell your boss that it all went well. The truth can stay with us. I'll take whatever you have."

They each take turns with her. They have simple sexual needs. She's doesn't need to feel anything she doesn't want. In the end, she was used for what she was built.

--11--

Back at her home. The hemon waited.

"You didn't see it through to the end. I told you."

"The men were thoroughly satisfied with the outcome. I made sure. I liked them." Her deception failed but she thinks she can play the slut angle. "I was simply taken by their good looks and humor."

"So. You're incapable of controlling your lust now, like a mechanical succubus, is that it? But you're no succubus, and you're not a demon. You aren't biological, your magic is fraudulent."

He moves to flex. Is he going to hit her?

He says, "So how about you try to beat me?"

"I can't win against you. No way."

"You said it yourself. You liked them. Will you insult me?"

"Sex? We call it even if I do."

"In fact, you can call it whatever you want."

She had to think of what she knew about the hemon quick. I'll be fucked until he breaks my mind. But, how?

"You can penetrate me. You can absorb what you want. I... don't have much spirit energy. Most men are satisfied with their penis, I could seduce you. I have programs."

He sat down, bemused.

"Can you tell me who this is?"

"Gomez."

"Can I call you Go?"

"Fine."

"Go, this is for you."

She Slips her bottom underwear off and tosses it to Gomez. It's miraculously clean. She turns and reveals her asshole. She knows it is as smooth as a plastic toy, circular like an onahole, well-defined between two over-engineered glutes. Manufactured, powerful, soft. Sexually pleasing to the touch, that was the mission of her organization. And of course, completely deadly if necessary.

Tweaking her own nipples makes them stand. She plays with her breasts in view and attempts to look interested in Go. Her wineglass breasts don't get in the way. She kneads the subcutaneous membrane and lets her breasts swell in all the right places.

Go decides to take initiative.

"This is boring. Lubricate your tits and jerk me off with them."

"What do I use. I guess there's lotion."

"We know you can do better. Weren't you an A cup? You're a D now. I can even hear what you call fat moving from your insides to the surface."

She gets down and works him between her breasts dry. He's something like fifteen inches. A foot-and-a-half long shlong. She sighs and lets her stimulant leak out of her mouth.

A jet of cum flies back and surprises her enough she stops to spit it out. Go takes her tits in his hands and finishes jerking off.

The amount of cum from this hybrid covers her shoulders. She can smell it. She is afraid to move while he holds her. He repeatedly came like a yard hose and the smell is getting to her so she shuts off her receptors.

"I think you're finally ready to give yourself."

"Doesn't this mean we're even..? Whatever you say."

"No. Call me master when we're alone."

He flexes a stiff cock and holds her face against his chair's seat. Inserting his finger. Female lubricant comes out.

"You're ready to take me."

He fucks her for a while until she cums. He cums and her head fills up with heat.

"Master. Are you satisfied?"

"No."

He reveals a second stiff cock.

"..."

She looks puzzled.

"I've heard of this."

"Enable your sensations so you can enjoy everywhere I touch."

She makes the adjustments and her whole body feels like a pussy ready to be played with.

--12--

Forced into servitude. Angie tries not to reveal her misdeed. But it's so difficult not to brag about her fuck buddy, the beast of a man, her pussy master. Just thinking about it, she reflexively turns on just to come closer to him.

She turns it off after regaining composure.

They prevent another terror mission.

"Angie, you let some of the demons go, didn't you?"

"There was a dog and submissive human thrall. They didn't seem guilty."

"Aren't all demons guilty?"

Angie felt guilt at the hypocrisy. The words she taught them were thrown back at her.

"Arsa, I need to see you later."

Arsa, you're going to face Gomez, and cum so hard you forget those worthless words.

--13--

"The power from this demon is abnormal."

Angie didn't look surprised.

"Angie. Are we going to make it out?"

"I suppose."

Angie got down to her knees.

"Master you have another slave."

Angie got down and serviced Go. The lip smacks and fine sheen of drool look real to Arsa. "Angie?"

Angie licked the tip of his dicks, and got on to ride him. When his cum spilled from Angie's ass he pulled that one out. It continued to run like a slightly open faucet as though the source of it was unending.

"Have her do it now. That's why you bought her."

Arsa felt heated, angry, upset, betrayed.

Angie looks back. Arsa believes this expression on Angie's face is joy.

How is this Angie so different than the one I knew? She must be being controlled. No, she got on this man without his consent. She was, for that instant, in control.

Arsa felt forced. She got down and cleaned the cum off the exposed cock. Hearing go groan she willfully drained him with her deepthroat, massaging his balls. Her eyes trained on Angie's butt once when he momentarily stopped cumming.

--14--

Angie brought the rest of the fold in.

Go never let them get closer than to meet them in their homes. He repeated the same sexual acts.

They all agreed, Go was the best thing that ever happened in their lives.
 
--15--

Angie and friends went to a human slum and gathered some people up to start a brick-and-mortar game arena. They set up a game center and when customers showed up to play it started making money. They had competitions too.

They allowed demons and hybrids to play against human children. They were equally powered in-game, with only their skill tipping the scales. The kids thought demons were pretty cool.

Eventually, drugs and sex tried to invade. Prostitutes and contraband were removed from the premises. Only gamers.

Someone named 'Dank Slaya' came in and paid for 100 competitors. By the end, it was just him and a euphoric idolizer of his having it out in a video game.

"Damn. Damn, he's too damn fast."

The euphoric pounded on the machine.

"I lost!"

"Babe, if you come with the rest of us we can call it a win. Smack."

The euphoric nodded. About twenty-five women left with Dank Slaya.

"Fools spend money and spread their seed like rock stars after they get a little game. What more could anyone want?"

A group enters. They're wearing uniforms, decals on their clothes. Silly trinkets and chains.

Angie rolls her eyes. She was watching the lower floor from above.

One of them cranes their neck and exaggerates their disgust.

"Damn this place stinks."

"Where's the owner?"

"What a dump!"

They seemed to have an agenda.

Angie sent the stereotypical manager she trained in a suit up to the front. He came back.

"They're looking for petty cash, they're not robbing us but you know how these things go. They're going to damage equipment and smear our image, by the end of the month..."

Angie went down.

"Play a game."

"Like what, you look really... nice. Are you usually in this place?"

She got one of the gang to like her with her looks. He followed her to a console.

"You won..."

The male gang member lost.

"That was weak."

A girl challenger wants to kill Angie.

"Bit... shi-t!"

Trash talking failed, a show of force failed, and telling Angie was fake with small tits failed. Every challenger lost. Angie was practically a robot. She keeps winning with simple moves, and close calls.

"That's it. She must be cheating."

"She doesn't play with style."

The gang left, the men were significantly amused.

Later. Angie went out.

By her car, a familiar group waited.

"Just humans."

Angie got her keys out. Let them make the first move.

Slice. A stabbing weapon moved just past her.

A girl with a bat hit her car. Clank. The bat bounced but the car was ok. It was decidedly aimed for her head.

"Excuse me. Are you trying to fight me with those sluggish moves?"

A guy grabs her ass.

"Hooo holy fuck. I'd do her."

The girl whiffs her bat again barely missing Angie's head.

Angie decides the guys are too horny to make the first move. It's just the girls trying for her, and even if they could land a blow, it wouldn't matter.

"If the girls in your group are in need of discipline I can help."

She begins slapping their asses. Soon their teary eyes are unbearably cute. Three of them are lined up on the car getting spanked.

"Jonnie don't just watch. Help me."

Angie smirks.

"Jonnie, spank your new submissive slut while I handle these two."

Slap.

"No no no no."

"Yes. Yes, baby."

Slap.

The guys undo their pants.

Just three girls acting tough around a dozen horndogs.

Angie left. Her master Go was going to have to spank her. Her fantasy world became stronger in her mind.

She heard a cry from the group of girls getting it on with the men in their lives.

Nobody's around. None of my business.

--16--

Someone from the gang showed up later that week.

"I'll take them." Angie told the manager and went over, "You came back alone, I don't expect any bad blood."

"Could you be my girlfriend?"

Go flashed through her head. This pathetic attempt to get on her good side.

"Look at my customers. They all have way more fun competing and have better sex than your delinquent group last night. Get with the program."

--17--

The gang members started coming in to play games. They never beat Angie.

A little girl came in and beat one of the rougher guys at the basketball toss. She was good at table pool. She had luck in dice.

"How about we go out?"

The short girl went with the tough man.

"You're going to have to show me your dick."

She played with his dick in private and slurped it up.

Angie shows up.

The slutty girl let out an angry voice, "Don't interrupt! I need this!"

"That's enough fun. These are good customers and you can only take what they agree to."

"Go away."

Still stroking the cock, her hair seemed to stand up. Glaring at Angie.

Angie walked over and started slapping the girl around until she hid her face. The guy was amazed by this impromptu catfight.

"Fucking the imp in her ass won't cost anything, but sex in her vagina will be ten years per hour."

"What about. What happened?"

"She tried to hypnotize you. That blowjob was going to ruin your day."

Gulp. That was one enticing notion.

He was encouraged, by seeing her spanking.

"This is quite a fetish you have Angie. Is there some way to make her suitable masturbatory aid for me?"

Said aid, "No! I won't."

After a few minutes of spanking.

"Stop it my ass is going numb. You broke it. What are you? You're not human either?"

"Stick that horny cock in her ass. After just a second."

He had it.

Angie put a collar on the imp.

"This slave collar will make her follow orders. As long as the collar is on she'll only feed off people who tell her to. I hope you'll be a good master.

"Of all the fates. Becoming a slave to be anally fucked over and over.

"You need to be a good girl and stay healthy and pretty. Keep your asshole clean, and avoid other humans."

Imp, "Oh no."

Her asshole was in fact getting filled at this moment.

Angie, "Protect him from harm and stop him from getting into trouble."

The guy, "Sick. I'm going to dress you up each day. This is amazing."

She wasn't fighting anymore and quietly accepted her fate.

"Pretend to a human. I want to see that cute girl from the arcade."

"Pervert."

Angie was no longer spanking her, but the rough guy was really REALLY happy to do it to the little girl that tricked him. So she just gave up with a shocked and drooling 'O' mouth till he came.

"I'm definitely going to suck his soul out through his dick one day."

She continued to purse her lips and give him what he wanted.

"Go wasn't even this vengeful when he fucked me last night."

The girl came back with tattoos, waiting for the gangsters, and beating them at games. But she only stood by that one. Various other girls imitated her putting on a collar, over time it trended. She gained a little weight though.

--18--

Some demons disguised as humans came in a gang. They began treating female customers like meat and arguing. The manager was about to step in but one of the girls took heed instead.

"Come here... Good. Let me explain, a lot of us can see your disguise."

The pig demon was surprised.

"Let's torch the place."

"Hold on. You don't understand. The reason weak demons are allowed here is because there's a truce."

"Truce? I don't know this."

"Let's torch the place."

Patience girl.

"Just look around. It's obvious."

There's something wrong. It's like they wanted a riot. Then the one who spoke looked happy.

"We'll leave and talk it over."

They came back in a few minutes. One broke a machine.

"THE FUCKING THING DOESN'T WORK!"

The gamers started turning from their contest to see where the yelling came from.

"IT'S A RIP-OFF! BROKEN! FUCKING BULLSHIT! SHOW ME THE MAN HERE!"

Others like him did similar things, but a few were stopped by other demons easily before they broke the machinery.

An annoyed demon like a rat spoke up.

"This stuff is expensive. Pigs like you can't afford it in your life."

Someone pulled the alarm. The manager said.

"Everyone remain still, and follow our instructions to the exits."

Except the regular demons disguised as humans, and the pigs stayed behind. A few of Angie's girls stayed.

A pig was afraid.

"This is out of hand. Guys let's go."

They weren't listening. They thought the 'humans' were easy picking now so few remained.

"YOUR SHIT IS BROKEN."

"No. That game's over. You're broken. Why couldn't you be a cute little demon, there are fun ways of disposing of those."

"WHAT?"

"If you were a cute demon we'd make you a mascot. Even if you were a boy. But you're a butt ugly pig with messy skin."

Their disguises came off this moment.

"HOW?"

A cat-like girl came forward.

"The DM of this arena we're in is in control of the illusion. Mmm pshh."

She flashes so only one demon sees it. His erection pre-ejaculates and he moves for her instinctively. She follows up the taunt with a ball-breaking soccer kick, and he faints, the rest of his cum escaping to the floor.

"That's one. Who wants to go next. Each of these pigs needs to fear us before they will leave us alone. Mmm-row."

Inevitably the pigs were beaten into submission. They admitted they were on a terror raid, appearing quite stupid. It was easy to believe their excuse.

Some vampiric demons absorbed their weak corrupt energy just by touching the pigs and they were released. Female demons made a lewd show for the pigs, who weren't given any right to leave before they were done.

--19--

The catgirl encountered a pig demon later in the month. The demon was angry.

"I can't stop thinking of your puss. You step on my crotch, but you also showed your puss."

The cat flicks her tail.

"I don't remember you. There's a much better man waiting for me. If that's all you have to say."

"I saved it for this day."

The cat felt that.

"Is it true? You couldn't do anything?"

She willingly allows the mating act, horny demon wench that she is.

He spread the word, and lower demons came to her with the same excuse, she was known as the infamous cat whore.

--20--

Voices raised over one another. Angie spoke with the other dolls.

"You can't go there. It doesn't matter. Go will be angry with us even if we get out alive. He's not my boyfriend. He's trying to keep us from our goal."

"Just ask."

"You've slept with him. He's your boyfriend."

Angie wants this to stop, "He tried to get me to see things his way. Now I'm going to take what we learned from him, from the gaming parlor. Also we have recruited demons, they should be with us. Humans are not just disposable sex things."

"He's your boyfriend even if I slept with him. He's all our boyfriend."

They stop at a brothel. An unlikely hideout.

It's bad. The plan is bad, there's not enough intel. For the first time, Angie didn't make an easy plan.

Stop the raid, reduce the number of risk-takers. That was all they did until now. And to make things worse the girls were doubting because she didn't ask permission from them.

God.

The first group walks in as scouts. It's full of women, as expected. They ask about the men. One of the girls explain.

"You let them do all the work. Just sit in one of those depressions in the wall until someone fancies your butt. I think there's cleaning right now. No it's fine, just park your butt there."

"Why did they need to clean?"

"Ah, some lust entity, the male side was gunked up. I hear they shut it down and the demons are still swooning. It's like they're drunken."

This doesn't seem like the type of place Angie wanted them to raid, and Angie didn't know. The scouts try to discreetly get out before.

"Oh, are you going somewhere girls? You are new here."

They were looking for an exit but a group of succubi was standing in the way.

"We can tell, you are the best kind of girls. You need to go up immediately, into the holes."

"No, you don't. You want to leave now? That's too bad, our boyfriends got the lust entity's boon, and we're tired from creampie bliss, so yeah, you're getting it."

A huge stiff cock pokes through.

The first woman forced by a succubus, her clothing ripped, her business end fully lubed, gets mounted with a wet squelch. Her twitching anus is brushed against every thrust. There's a feeling of fullness. The warmth spreads, and it grows. Her uterus is being stretched and tickled by the strange mysterious thing. Pleasure surpasses reason, she keeps making impassioned cries until her mouth is covered by one of the succubi in order to speak.

"You're making me jealous. Hurry up and get the rest on so we can go make out with our boyfriends face-to-face."

It is a similar fate for each of the scouts. Their clothes are pretty easy to rip apart, and there's lube on the other side of the wall. Some guys go to town with the lube before even tearing the pants open. Some guys prefer to tongue fuck the raw entrance after ripping the cloth instead.

--21--

Angie.

"Something's gone wrong. Call Gomez, I'm going in blind."

Angie walks in, there is some nice music playing. It is a very classy place. A crowd is gathered near one wall, the crowd chatting it up.

I sense powerful demons. It's time I leave. Shit, the scouts are stealth.

She slips out.

"It's bad. We're losing girls if we can't turn this around."

Gomez arrives.

"So. What is the problem?"

"..."

"I'm disappointed."

Gomez and Angie go in. The scouts are still in the wall, draining from both ends.

The succubi sensed Gomez's strength started making them soft and fuzzy inside.

"Sir. Can we help?"

"I don't know what happened. There was a crowd. I didn't know there were humans there."

Gomez finished helping everyone out and struck the deal, "Now they're out. Angie, you must give payment."

"I will do as my master wills me to."

She was a bit excited.

"Seduce a woman in that club. I'll observe."

She's back in.

She can see women in the restraints getting fucked and stretched out by absurd cock sizes.

Gomez wasn't with her.

"So. You can see and hear me?"

No response.

"You said you'd watch."

She goes to a starry-eyed girl. She can smell the alcohol. The girl seems hypnotized by the sexual discourse in the room surrounded by it.

One of the wall-mounted women starts panting and shouting and it draws everyone's attention. She coughs up sperm, and drools, her stomach expands. All this while she clearly orgasms.

The girl starts touching herself and seems to get up. Angie stops her with her grip.

"Wait. Did you like what you saw? I know a place you'll enjoy the same kind of thing."

Not exactly the intention.

"Call me Misty. Are you, like, possessed?"

"Do you want to be possessed?"

"Yeah. I hear the women here are possessed but I haven't really seen it. There's just these giant dicks."

Well, judging by the women on the walls, the girl knew what was going on.

Angie, "Come with me?"

They're outside.

"Mission accomplished. Right?"

Go sends Angie back in. She finds it's easy to just ask the women to come out and they stand outside the club waiting.

"We're getting tired of standing here. We just want to be with a demon and let it have its way..."

"Or possess." Misty.

Angie felt ashamed of being a woman because of these desperate few.

Go emerges.

"This is how young humans think. Doesn't it disillusion you Angie?"

This does bother her. What's more, is the other women have cast their eyes on Go.

"Oh. Maybe come closer. I can cum if you suck my nipples hard enough."

"Over here handsome."

Angie has the urge to begin spanking these idiots but dotes on Go first. Whispering.

"M... Go, these women are beneath us. Please tell me, did I pass your test?"

"They were already seduced by the atmosphere. As you can see they've no desire to break free."

They were transfixed on Go but seemed to be getting agitated by the darkness. Angie also became aware of the skeevy location she had them rest at.

"Kiss them."

Angie was forced to kiss each woman there. They became more agitated. But with a glance at Go the strange women reciprocated, their eyes rolled towards Go's gaze.

"Hello. Your name is Go?"

"I'm Gomez."

"I sense power from you. Have you been in the male chamber?"

Angie felt angry. Go would not need to be part of that disgusting game they played with the walls.

"Please let's end this now... ma-ster?"

Gomez with an insipid tone, "Submit to the women you thought below us. So I can see you fall." He turned to the others, "If you make her cum, I'll inseminate you. Though, it's not impossible you won't mentally extinguish merely feeling me."

The girls began to tentatively play with her.

They risked their lives either way. For this man... I would kill right now, and I would give pleasure to something grotesque. This woman... she's in my way. That's how they thought.

The girls roughly grabbed at her, using pain and pleasure. They knew not that Angie was more like a robot, she was unphased.

Exhausted, they stopped.

Gomez came over and inserted his first cock into Angie. The rest of the women had to fap wetly at the sight until they all finished. Angie remained prostrate, head on the ground, with a hidden grin of triumph. Gomez pulled out and then put both his cocks in either hole. The women played with each other, not giving up.

A girl spoke, "I can't imagine what this must be like for her. But I want to try. Would one of you touch both spots at once? Oh, that's better. Thank you."

"We're not touching you."

A demon with tendrils came out from the club and wandered this way. It began playing with the extra women, avoiding the powerful hybrid.

They were completely silent once it covered their mouths. It carried them to the back of the club.

Angie finally climaxed and saw the place was empty, she looked back to the object of her desire.

"They left us alone in the end."

Not having missed a thing, Go glanced at the residue of that entity and said nothing.

--22--

Go brought Angie into the club. They had something to eat there.

A succubus came forward.

"I'm the owner, Glitter. It's a pleasure to have you here."

Clearly, she meant Gomez, not Angie. But this wasn't a surprise.

"Thank you. Actually, I think Angie should learn from you."

Surprised. Angie began to protest that this sex club owner would have anything she didn't. Then the owner unraveled her devilish wings, the power of a succubus' charm taking her aback.

"Normally I wouldn't, but for one such as you. Is it me or her first?"

"Be good friends for my sake. You both own businesses. But you're not very good at taking care of customers."

Go left them alone.

Moaning from the wall took Angie's attention, she's only used to electronic beeps and button clicks.

The succubus of a demonoid sex club kept her focus on her new friend, curious about what a human has to offer.

