Putting on a costume is like being someone else. That is what cosplayers truly aspire to.

A filthy cat girl maid is having group sex in an alley. She's got grease on her face. Her costume is starting to come off.

"No don't damage the silky nyaa."

Her dress was pulled off her just enough to expose all her sensitive spots.

A guy in front of her cums, then breaks her teeth with a violent burst of anger.

"Fuck you enjoyed it too much. Enjoy it while it lasts the guy in your ass has to be the ugliest fuck."

A painful stab sensation from a dick in her ass, that's all she's sure.

Someone big comes up and shoves her head down. From this position... 

Smack.

Her ass is abused and red and her body violently fights to escape, by reflex.

...

A schoolgirl sits by her desk studying.

"I'm Madalyn Bail." (This girl is not in school, it is just a cosplayer)

Someone comes in.

She's tied to the desk, and the person leaves.

Another guy comes in, and talks to her about his difficult life.

Would he just shut up and do the deed?

He takes off her panties. 

'Unmistakably, a youthful shaven pink thing. This girl in my class...'

He pulls down his pants and jerks off. he sits down and continues.

"Are you just going to... do that?"

"Shut up!"

"Do you have trouble?"

"I said shut up! If I want to kill you I will, so don't you dare."

"Impotent."

He grabs a ruler and beats her rear. He grabs the pointer stick teachers use and hits her with that.

'Whimpering. Visible tears.  She won't dare talk like that again.'

"This is wasted on you. Any other guy would have been rock hard from my tears."

"You bitch. I'm going to kill you."

"Just try. I bet you can't even make a fist you limp dicked..."

He grabs her and chokes her.

'No. She likes this too.'

He stops.

'I will use her.'

...

Someone set up a glory hole. It was claimed there was a naked girl on the other side.  Very few were brave enough to risk this.

A day later the hole was widened and a female butt stuck through.

"No. Dude your dick is huge."

"She's gaping..."

Nobody could enjoy it after.

Her head was stuck through the next day.

"Hi. I'm here as a slutty face."

"You don't look that slutty."

"Someone do my makeup. I need to be slutty so guys will abuse my face."

Red lipstick.