So is this Victoria Secret thing about the supermodels or am I supposed to be more interested in trafficking? As it is, I don't really want to hear about the trafficking, I do want to see naked supermodels. And for some reason I still can't think of Laetita Casta sexually. So she triggers my madonna, when most women in her position trigger the whore complex instead. Need I go any deeper into what I find attractive about supermodels with nice tits?

Disproven. I admit I never really fully became aroused watching slender halfnaked women. An erection isn't good enough, I mean I've never masturbated and climaxed thinking of skinny supermodels, no matter how attractive. How about that?

It's not likely that a woman would be skinny and have huge mammaries nevermind gravity-defying, and wings, and muscular legs. There are just some things that are above natural order, things that don't exist are just one of them.

Like most old pornography, I never got to see Laetitia's dirty parts. I'm fairly certain that I could easily get an erection and sleep with a woman that vaguely resembles her. Unless it's a woman that looks just like me. I'd gladly fulfil the sexual fantasies of a slender woman, but I'd have to argue against looking at her face while having sex in certain scenarios.

So American fashionistas went to France to get ideas because I guess Americans aren't able to have dirty enough thoughts to produce fashion. I wonder what they'd try to say if they found out the reason women were dressed in lingerie was to have nasty fantasy fulfilment in dirty places. The same way most of the ideas I'm churning out are smut as a means of fantasy fulfilment.

Laetitia said her tits were made of sugary snacks like a donut so I think maybe she can't be entirely trusted. Innocent looking comments like that from glamor models may not be diet advice, suck on those sweets.

I can't seem to precum, no matter how aroused, only a few times when I was asleep in my teens. The resulting puddle looks like my entire prostate emptied without any involvement of my testes.

I liked watching their tits bounce walking down the stage I'm not sure how they got that detail on camera when it's something I haven't seen for a while. Except that sexdotcom image recently, her tits looked huge though.

I don't know how other people see me, becaue I'm incredibly cute. But I think Laetitia is. And the only other comparison I hve is Erica, I am not aroused by her face, and . I am aroused by most women's faces. If you're 'too cute' you need to have a body that'll shut off someone's brain. This is nonsense, I don't know what I'm trying to say. I'm absolutely sure if these cute glamor models have anything but the palest pristine butts and the smallest palest slits, they could spook my erection out if they tried.

I'm  going to think about them while I write about cosmic sluts. No matter how difficult it is for me to sexualize skinny women truthfully. It's settled. Sex sells, and I won't pretend skinny women deserve less.

A woman successfully trying to stay in shape is better looking, and far more exciting than a woman who sprouted into an attractive shape.

I guess I don't find supermodels erotic enough to warrant a sexual investment. They're just very 'interesting.' I can't stop staring at them, like fun birds.
