There's a waitress I sleep with and she calls the police on me.

"May the punishment fit the crime."

I walk into the restaurant and read the menu. This is my second visit.

The waitress comes up and flirts. I peer down her blouse, no bra. She leans in close so I snatch her tit on the inside and squeeze it. She gets very close appearing to enjoy it.

I whisper.

"I'm coming to your house and fucking your raw cunt."

Someone asks me to leave and threatens me.

She leans in close to me and I pretend not to notice. I order some wine and a sandwich.

Later I drive by her address. I've been here.

As she opens the door I creep up.  Someone else comes behind.

"Hello?"

She turns around and I blink.

She's waiting for my order. I ask for a blowjob and film her in the shower. I know she'll agree and call cops after, but it's worth it.

She's showering and asks for a towel.

"You had me come in here without one. I like how forceful you've been."

"Good. I'm hard again, lather up your butt I'm sticking it in there."

We get into a fight, she starts to argue rape and then looks confused.  She gives in and I have an orgasm.

I replay her first squeal of insertion so many times.

My brain is shutting off from the pleasure, within seconds I'm done. She doesn't sound displeased by how brief the pain was.

After an hour passes it starts from there. Her attitude gets worse over time. I did everything to her over years.

There's a time where I rented a cabin for an afternoon. I return there to relax my mind, alone.

Cute girls injure themselves skiing and I caught one who just twisted her leg.

"What is it they call you, a snowbunny? You are a snowbunny."

We go to a cabin and I spend a few hours with her. I listen to her beautiful voice with undertones of gratitude for saving her. Soon I'll be back where we met, balls deep in her, her face in the snow, and I'll see how this scenario plays out after.

The amount of cum I saved up was trouble. She really loved the sex distracting her from her pain. Her company was actually even better then, she was willing to lower herself to a sexual pet for weeks while I brought food to this abandoned cabin.  When a mountain patrol van showed up that was the end of my fun. She was inevitably diagnosed with Stolkholm syndrome and I had to undo it.

This girl was a mess so I stop her before she breaks her leg.

"Would you like to fuck like retarded dogs until you're pregnant?"

Yes.

"Suck my dick right now, and you can swallow."

Inevitably I gave up, she was a crazy slut in every time line.