What you reveal in the story is more interesting than a character sheet.

TITLE
The red soldier

SETTING
In a land named Jeeklon lay a deep forest which is inhabited by both human and halfbreed.

A man can walk into town with a little or no wealth, and with nothing a bit of humility he'll find it easy to start a new life there and find a mate. There are roads made for wooden carriages. There is a thriving community. There are markets, and public baths, and troves of happy thrill seekers and secrets strewn about.

There are a multitude of humanoids in many forms. Some with two legs, some with four, some with none.

Among the bipedal races is a reptilian breed named amorously by their community the slick,* whose prowess in mental and physical attributes are among the most appealing.

*The slick are called such because their skin produces an intoxicating odorous secretion. A repercussion being they always leave their telltale signatures in the air and an atmosphere of wanting among their admirers.

And also among the slick are those who seek joy as much as any other species.  So they intermingle with others and dream of lofty goals. Tamara is one of those seeking a new horizon.

DESCRIBE THE MAIN PLAYER

Tamara is a dark olive-red scaled Slick. Her skin is white.

She's about 147.3 cm tall with an hourglass figure and a medium muscle definition. Her girth is a bit on the heavy side, but she has a hip to waist ratio of over 1.5.

She has a soft face, but with slight definition where each feature forms. Her eyes are pale brown with a hint of red. Her eyelids are heavy and darker than her other skin tone. Her head is covered with a dark brown wavy hair which reaches just to her shoulders. Her nose is narrow at the top and rounded at the base, with the point flattening downward. She has dark tan lips which crease to the edges of her face when she smiles.

Her chest is only slightly wider than her hips, but flat from front to back. Her breasts resting upon her chest are D-cups each with perceptibly wide areolae surrounding the nipples. The nipples themselves are over 1.8 cm wide and rest at a length of 0.3 cm on a mound of deep pinkish blue flesh, and harden to a length of 2.1 cm growing white and light pink.

Standing tall her butt cheeks spread open revealing a puckered red ring of fire for an anus. Below are the puffy pink lips of her womanhood. Nestled within is a rosy pink nub.

From the tip of her head to the bottom of the back of her feet run streams of interwoven scale-forms, the bulk of which combine into circles around her lower back, revealing a sufficient amount of soft flesh in the betweens and every break where her muscles connect to bone.

She has a tail which is the same color of her skin which extends from her lower back. The tail is wider at the base and narrows to a point. It is approximately 2.4 cm wide average, and only long enough to cover Tam's privates.



With this appearance she is beautiful enough to make conversation with the most beautiful creatures, and the most barbaric drool in her presence. A further, equally suggestive description can be made about the way she smells, being a slick, everyone she meets is forced to recognize one of these two points of charisma.  In all her time in Jeeklon from her childhood until a gentle age of twenty human years (which is about 22 for slick) she never felt unwelcome.

The men there were already enamored by the many slick females. You could always find slicks in the higher-up organizations and at the party places. They had much influence and it was easy to gain a position and respectable way of living by merely making rounds with the locals. It was that reason, Tamara is leaving.

She seeks more than the simple quiet life, and she has strong empathy with her family and friends, so it seems like her best move is to head to the North.

WHAT IS UP NORTH?

North of the great forest are the Shark hills, which lead to a trade crossroad. Spreading out from there, many other cities and inhabitance remain to be witnessed first hand, it is all so exciting for Tamara.

GET READY TO GO

Long before the day she left. She prepared herself.

For months Tam gathered equipment which would serve her in her journey. She discussed necessary rituals with her relatives. She read as many journals about the subject of travel as possible. She learned about how to draw small maps and plan for her own needs.

She had three lovers outside her home district. She met with each of them, and saw how they wept when she confided her desire to go abroad. Two proposed to her, in a vain attempt to keep her. Her first meeting and departure from each one of them could make a new story each.

She visited all her friends as well. Leaving the dearest to her heart for last. They were tearful and said good bye and they wanted to see her as she left.

Along her ventures, she found a group which she believed had a similar desire as her. They were forming exploration which would head up into the mountains. So, seeing this opportunity Tamara joined them. Being a slick, some of the group couldn't help but promote her as the lead. She quickly disbanded her official status, and merely suggested they might see her along the way. Despite her best intentions, this left Sasi the male fire-tiger humanoid, one of the group members who became excited she'd be leading them, quite enamored. The original lead for the group was a female cow humanoid named Rosline, she was left in a fit of distaste at the humility by being so quickly usurped and then her replacement so easily shirked the duty.

NOW GO

The day of Tamara's awaited departure arrived, and the other explorers are present.

GET READY THIS DAY

Tamara has a lot of bags being drawn in a wheeled cart by two trained pachyderms. This could be a very long journey, and aimless at that. So it was in her best interest to over prepare.

Tamara has dried food, sugary drinks, and sour fruits. She brings along small tools. She has extra ropes, and cloth for patching, and a sewing kit. She brings one extra pair of custom made boots. She brings along two changes of regular clothes. Overall it is enough supplies to last two months, but she also knew some survival skills and the value of fresh food. She is not looking forward to lasting without perishable foods and also brings along one last meal with jam and a few cakes.

Among the less necessary items she brings, She also carries a hunter's knife with a belt. Around her neck is an heirloom amulet of warding. She also wore one gaudy wrist-chain earlier that morning which she just thought looked nice. She brings that with her as well.

Currently in the forest, Tam is wearing a harness and pack on her back for a few at-hand necessities. She is wearing a pink tank-top with a horizontal cut, her ample breasts stretch the fibers out and leave her mid drift exposed. Her legs are covered by soft jeans with some padding for sturdy pockets, her equally ample buttox leaves very little to the imagination. Her hair is currently tied into two knots, thanks to the help of one of her many friends. Her tail is flipped up and tucked into one of the back pockets. Her hands play with the pockets as well, as though she couldn't think of what else to do with them.

Due to the excitement she is feeling slightly aroused, which gives off a sweeter scent than usual, and she is already feeling thirsty from excreting so much on the last day before her departure.