initially ignored ideas (convoluted or out of order)
	
	? toggle inventory on/off, the choice to use items on click

	if I just draw walls and floors on freeform, they can snap together
	
	voxel los (is like item los), individual parts of a voxel could even check los
		1 with texture atlas, works fine
		2 with triplanar, would be simpler
		
		It comes down to whether the calculation is fast enough
	
	
	
	
	xxxxx
	hi, me. the selectionmanager's fine. Until I can find evidence GetButton is a dictionary or a string check, it's not worth thinking about.
	 
	thought: "hey, listen. The purpose of the initial dungeon designer is not to look pretty, but to function like a streamlined facility blueprint.
		"Adding walls may be an important step, but doing anything related to freeform comes later."

		
	Metaprogramming thoughts
	I keep thinking I can complete my old grandois designs based on this programming dynamic. (do it?) finish the job first.
		
	
	I'm pretty sure I have an interface / oo programming dynamic that's functional
recent action/goal:
	D. UI

	Drag - actually want something like drag on all the time so I can look around.
	Paste Layer - if something like paste layer is active it can take the drag function. dropping it in place will require a widget or another shortcut thought.

	if I place rooms and walls with the same tool it's... 
		making the snap decide what Im placing with freedraw
	

	o The itom brush
		I can use trigger+itom this+trigger+rb.kinematic
	
		1
		public static bool IsTouching(Collider2D collider1, Collider2D collider2);
		
		I use a ping to force itom reconnect, it's the easiest detection method.
		
		
		
	
	PSEUDO
	
	o each tool needs a script connected to the workspace hub that directs it to start/stop on/off

		tool need to read this^
		key shortcuts maybe
		
		It should be a lot like 
		
		Drawing in paint.
		
		Selecting a file/folder.
		
		Resizing rects in inkscape
		
	
	keyed shortcuts: sending a message works fine
		
		
		
		
		
		
	
	Set room / itom behaviors
	
		on selection - the main action is selection
		> on right click, 
			E a menu for selected itoms popup
			E = extension, toolbar stops
			
			x generic - bleh
			
			E specific itom 
			step 1: specify which itom, because it could be rooms I selected
			
			step 2: option menu. It's a menu that requires a definition for each itom.... weee
		
		selection + layers
		on button combos - 
			ctrl+x cutting -  delete hidden layer, ghost, place in visible paste layer
			ctrl+c copying -  delete hidden layer, copy into hidden paste layer
			
			ctrl+d duping - copy into visible paste layer
			ctrl+v paste - immediately move marked object
			
			
			modifiers
			1 paste layer - 
				has a raise/drop widget
			
				on creation the old paste layer is destroyed
				should change layers, 
				move when shift+dragged
				drop on insert, 
			
			2 ghost marker - creates a group of hidden objects, 
				on creation it reveals the old group, 
				when paste layer is inserted it is destroyed (or just forgets)
			
		\
		
	tools x scripts
		o buttons - recolor, darken if tool is active
	
		o rect tool
			o cover bounding elements
		
			o drag, move bounding elements
				there's also a top handle
			
			o rect, edge decoration
			
			o scale, handles
			
		o snapping
			o the closest 
			1 room
			2 wall
			appears to be marked if close enough (could use physics)
			
			also the snap target will follow mouse if both snaps are off
			
			
			
			
		o draw
			add or remove, walls, rooms, whatever it touches
			
			1 free
			2 line
		select
			o 1 mouse click
				deselect, select one thing
			
			
			o 2 multi-selection
				dragging
			
			3 modifiers
				1 shift+arrows 
				2 like shift+ drag
				
				
				3 ctrl + click, sel/desel
			
			4 a selection widget.
			
			option 1 the chosen itom (corresponds to option3-2), or blank
			option 2 the room the itom is in(corresponds to option3-1), or blank
			option 3
				The menu
				pane 1 every room in selection
				pane 2 every itom in selection
				
				could be empty, no selection. updates on the fly
				
			The Menu
			selection options - room/itom pane
			1 room options - first half
			
				? show all named rooms
				? show all visible rooms
				show selected rooms
				deselect all
				
				rename
				find by name ( named rooms only)
				
				-> show itoms
				
			2 itom options - second list half
				? show all visible itoms
				? reveal itoms by type
				show selected itoms
				deselect all
				
				varies from one itom to the next
				
				search (default names)
			
			
			other context
			
				personal (allow copy only)
				1 your prefs by memory
				2 your existing constructions
				
				non-personal
				realtime (access point, allow modify)
				1 current workspace - this is updated to reflect what this workspace knows
				
				
				2 noncorporeal - avatar teleportation (directly affect in 3D builder)
			
			
		copy
			fix the icon
			
			I see multiple selected, that's confusing, should be a select feature.
			
			1 copy, paste (I guess)
			2 cut
			3 copy itoms (I guess)
			
			It's a little vague
			
		extension
			various reasons to swap functionality, and swap back
			
			if I'm placing an item it may make sense to drag it... or click it in, and that would be interfered with.
			
			1 start
			2 end
			
			it's unclear what save/load does. Maybe this'll be more record/play, for macros? tool bookmarking is pointless atm.
			
			3 save
			4 load
			
		
	? itoms affected by selected frame
		unselected frame disables click interaction.
		
	itom sprite behavior
		the itom could change color to indicate it's hovered
	
		
		I can have a cursor that moves for basic click function, when nothing's selected.
			how about keyboard? I thought it was going to be in the map.
			
			
		? easier selection: Itoms under the cursor or under a dragged selection could be listed as a generic list.
		
		
	
		
	minimap / radar
		a map bound to the selected area for quick view
		
	world map
		a detailed map of a region (with your location and possibly other locations marked)


	
		
			
		
	
	catalogue
		1? could be a simple menu, premade
		2? could be scripted (list the options)
	
		I might want something to calculate size based on the grid content
	
	make shortcut easier? 
		I could bind something to appear if i press a shortcut. Then it'd cover the whole thing and I can missclick all i want.
		
		
	
		
	
	WORKSPACE Idea
	1 in-house workspace system
	
		have a menu of current tools which mirrors the following
			one click focus
			two click hide
		
	
		workstation open tools (prob perma)
		
			hide tools at distance
			
	2 outside workstation tools
		
		basic menu system
		
	
	CATALOGUE IDEA
		If I just ordered a key I want an associated keyhole or item of its type recommended, but if it's a red herring, allow dismissal (blacklist)
	

	Must manually sort cards
	figure out how the generic list can be used
		The first generic list uses messages, and it's probably good enough
		
	Creator that reads the selected item. It can tag an item however it likes.
		I didn't make creator yet
			
	
	ob list plan (for anything)
		If creator reads the number tag then it can be represented however I want in the list.
	
	make creator -> ob list 
	
		the message indicates a proper action for the creator to take. 
		
		ex: basic action
			"item", "back", "close"
			
		if "item" then the creator can check the item number and respond with any behavior.
		
		The actions back and close are common menu actions
	
	the 2d map strikes me as DM gold, but I won't remember why. Here's a memo.
		
		A player could be designing or managing a map in 2D, while existing in 3D. 
		
		The player could also be controlling elements with a bird eye view from far outside danger, the remote presence of a super villain.

	
		
	
	workspace, school of thought:  3d is just as fun as 2d
	
	

	


	
		
	make that 2d designer

		
		
	thought "	auto mapping - I want a limited and a complete map possibility" 
		Should be doable, 
			1 with blueprints a builder makes a dungeon map.
			2 the builder then enters and alters the interior, continuously updating his own map, this makes a "realtime" map where he hides everything.
			
			Confirmed construction -
			3 on commission blueprint is autogenerated and stored at construction workspaces. It can be read, altered, copied (maybe not), distributed elsewhere
			4 a dungeon looter makes their own map if they go in blind.
			
	? Perfecting the 3D builder use case
		1 The starting platform shouldn't break in any way.
		2 dungeon need simpler ways to avoid time consumption
			a. case non- sensitivity
			b. creating a dungeon list to select from
			c. creating a portal list
		
		3 logical exit ?

		
	LOS checks might be mandatory in future, but for now it's only sensible for dungeon, when I want things to vanish
		eye, center of body, limbs 
		small object center
		large object convex

	

	
	see dungeon.txt for dungeon build instructions
	

	I been doing a lot of writing

	
		
	^repeat Dungeon arena building
		Need a designer, much faster for setup

	
	
	
	
	Menus... not really done
		item menu:
			o programming: selecting an item sets it to recent and selected. 
			o view: A preview of its name and customized name, please.
			
				option 1: continue, or automatically display
				
				option 2: new document
				
					customize the item
				o option 3: load
					
				
				other stats considered: # left, materials it uses, # owned, your time spent, most noted
		
		OLD NEWS
		level menu:
			thought " the way warps work atm will break it "
				rather than a __dungeon scene name__, the warp level needs to correspond to a __dungeon spawn list__
		
			(I can save items including but not limited to level geometry)
			
			fast travel for testing: makes sense if there's only one scene and I don't want to physically walk the realm testing level
			
			future: individuals place dungeons in one HUB world

	
	

	
	
		
	
	Item Design / Customizing
	an interface for the next part
		o 2D case 1. Forms.
		
			an unspawned custom "spawnable" object
			
			indicate what is active (name, important parameters) at the top of a document
	
	
		? 3D case 2. Installed Items.
		
			the already spawned object
			
		
		Case 3. a "build" interface for each thing
		
		
		menus may be loaded from resources 
			o menus could be preloaded
		
		x script that makes sure only one interface of a type is open at a time (this could very well be 3D)
			it should be able to be accessed for:
			widgets 
			
			o standard menus
				made a generic list 2D
				working on more 2D
				
				warehouse 3D
			
		inventory, case 1: an inventory for constructions, forms, and tools
		
			
		item manipulation, case 2:
			the option to
			1 modify a thing
			
			2 attack a thing
			
			3 copy a thing by parameters
				
		Room for improvements, case 3?
		
			size/rotation, strategic, decorative
			
			build times, planning, workflow
			A warning if it's unalterable, ^
			
			stages of work, design, building
			stages of damage, fixing
			
			item tool - tools that enable workspace functions? Secret items that function as tools?
			
			item mods, upgrades, or improved versions
	
			
	
	
	the big jump script called throw isn't really suitable or functional
	
	end
	
		
	
	
	
		
		
	
initially accepted credence:
	ONLINE?
		unless I append a user ID to the name like hell_22 by pfotegeist. exit1@hell_22 by pfotegeist there will never be multiplayer!
	
	cameraISSUEandANNOYING!
		improve the camera since it doesn't really follow subject accurately.
		
		wagon: lock onto character and turn when aimed
		
		fixed pan view: move specified direction, zoom in on aim
		
		cinematic view: varies
		
	
		
			
	don't try to hard on menu placement
	+ Wait until I'm saving stats
	

	
	
	
	
	reset outside a combo menu is bad design
	
	
	I want to allow as many ludic interface as possible
	
	PERFECTION is a long way off (x=not trying)
		x physically accurate animations
		x physically accurate shadows
		animated 3d textures
		x LOS based rendering
