See "new apartment" for detail. If I owned a bunny, what could he do there?

I got a pet bunny for my apartment. He's the cutest, fluffy little thing. I love him so much. I make sure to take good care of him each day.

I remember to replace his hay and water sometimes midday and often before nighttime. He seems to recognize when his food hasn't been changed. I give him a little bit of green veggies to keep him well fed.

Once a week I clean his cage, while he watches me uproot his little house, I wonder if he thinks of it that way. Of course, we spend a lot of time together, in my big house.

In the mornings he's right there waiting for me, he scratches the door of his cage to get out. If it's alright, I always do.

In the early morning, he watches me, because sometimes I give him a snack. In the late morning he goes exploring. That is why I named him snooper.

Snooper sometimes goes right to the big rug and flops there a while. He looks so comfy. I could watch him lay there all day. I think sometimes he does it just to show me how happy is to be to be there with me. He also hides out under some furniture, probably just to feel extra comfort in knowing all the best spots no one rarely ever visits. He's very aware of his surroundings and will sniff at any furniture that I've moved, even an inch.

He will occasionally try to jump onto the couch unsupervised, and I've been slightly annoyed to see he left little pellets of poo there. It's just that I've learned you can't scold a rabbit, they only learn through positive reinforcement.  So when he doesn't poop on the couch I'll pet him and tell him he's very good.

Frequently he does a little bumping hop to sneak up to me. He stops and patiently waits for me to pet him, which I can't resist, I do.

He'll sit under the window light occasionally. But he seems to dislike the lamps and he doesn't go near them. I had to break his habit of chewing on electrical cords, but he rarely does it now.

The books are high up on the bookshelf, so there's nothing of interest for him there. He isn't like a cat, so I'm not worried about him climbing his way up. But I wonder sometimes, where he goes, is it like a magical cave under the furniture? He seems to look there often, and then soon reappears to look at me. All this and he hasn't even seen outside the livingroom.

an hour or two before noon, and a few hours afterwards, Snooper rests. I know this because he always does it. He rarely rests in the same place, and only sometimes looks for me to pet him during this time of the day, so I have plenty of time to myself, and so does he.

In the late evenings he seems to be extra curious. By now I will usually have a few other doors open, and I'll be watching TV so it's less likely he'll be pet. I think it's due to this that he has some kind of independence streak at the end of each day.

----------

Snooper loves his owner. At the beginning of the day he can't think of anything else, but his caretaker and the sweet treats he's given. Although there's a tradition, the beginning of the day was all about him. The end of the day is all about me. That is why after staring at eachother for several hours Snooper goes out exploring the house, which mysteriously opens up to him.

There's a room with a big soft cushion in the middle. It smells a lot like his beloved owner, so this must be a sacred place. Jumping up on the bed, Snooper gets so excited he dances around on it and sometimes can't help but get his body wrapped up in the soft cushions.  He was scolded once or twice, but maybe he just stayed too long. He can't resist coming back whenever the room is open.

Another place he frequents which his owner must also love is a place with a brillowy floor lofts up from a hardend bottom. It's peculiar, but some days the scent of his friend is much stronger here than it is other days.  The area is frequently visited, so it must be like a really huge tunnel. Altough Snooper never saw a real tunnel, he has an idea of what they're for, and he grows bored quickly and wishes to enter one of the bigger rooms.

There's a scary room which smells of wetness and pungeont burning odors. Snooper peeks in occasionally. He even goes in to see what is making the smell, but he never figures it out. Whatever secrets the room hides are very well kept to themselves.

Sometimes there's a loud noise coming from a room that is never open. He decided that this room must be dangerous, but he won't let danger get in the way of his curiousity, until it affected him directly.

Although there's a sense of adventure each day. It's more often fun just to hang around with his friend. He can dance around his feet. He can lick at his clothes, and the touch he recieves just above his nose is heavenly. It's like there's nothing else he needs, just to keep on being himself.

Now and then he doesn't get pet. This makes him mad.

---------

I don't know what gets into Snooper sometimes. He starts acting up. When I pick him up he seems agitated, which I suppose is perfectly natural. Why? I'm not sure. It's like I understand what he's thinking but only half of the time. When he is doing what I expect he really surprises me. There's nothing but wonder.

Perhaps I spoil him. I forget he's not a human, so I give into his demands in the hope of finding some compromising peace between us. But I think it's his way of being himself.

Also he seems to really enjoy playing tricks on me. If I don't look at him, he'll sneak up behind me and bump my leg and can give me quite a surprise. Very seldomly he'll even start running around the house like he has too much energy. Ah, it's so cute to watch.

Then around the end of the day I have him go back into his cage and I close it. I think he got used to this very fast. I haven't had to force him to go in, and it's easy enough to trick him. He forgives me quickly after.
