
Working Title: Language Is Discrimination

don't be a bitch

are you man enough to

stop acting childish

This is just a little taste of the English language used in the streets of America. What you may not have noticed is I just degraded femininity, raised masculinity up on a pedestal, and dismissed youthful ideals with good intentions.

you animal!

Animal many different contexts. Being called an animal could be a reference to potent prowess. Pseudo-science use anecdotal animal behavior to describe human behavior. Calling someone animal outright is meant to alienate their character as a dark sub-human, malevolent, undesireable nature.


human dominion

dominion over nature is of greatest concern because it developed at the root of language. Language being the key to human intelligence, it can be perceived that those who take greater advantage of nature have great intelligence.

misothery, hatred of animals, hatred of nature (newly coined)
misogeny, hatred of women
misanthropy, hatred of humanity

These things are related. Humans are animal in origin, and I'd like to believe we're still part of the Earth.  Animal instinct demands that nature is valued, nature is beautiful.  However, humans developed potent archetypes, weaponized in our original languages to fight this love, and denature ourselves.


woman humanity

This author outright admits that he started looking for a better explanation when he read about 'feminist ideals.' I read and think in the English language, and so do feminists.  The problem is, to accept humanity, a man only need to be a man to it. To accept humanity a woman needs to surrender to it.

Human supremacy (aka dominionism) directly contributes to misothery.  The deep rooted hatred of language originated before written language. Can we construct a new language that is both complex data and unbiased? Again, it can be perceived that those who take greater advantage of nature have great intelligence. Language is nature, reconstructing language happens all the time, but we don't rewrite the root of language on a daily basis, because that is where our intellect was derived, we only append and revise.

Can we achieve greater intelligence and fairness by constructing a complex, and unbiased language, and thus enforce a a complex unbiased thinking in future generations? I think so. Will we?


nature avoidance, fear of femininity

Mother earth, birthgiver of humanity, we plunder what she offers and we fear what we don't know. The symbolic corruption and distrust of nature is the literal distrust and corruption of our nature. The language we form is a warning, a warning how that which gives life can take it away.

currently, language is sexual discrimination

Sex makes us poor, it grants us death, it brings us pain, and hardship, and it brings us life. So language warns us, somebody who enjoys these things can't be trusted.

currently, language is discrimination

