write creatively about apartment if I just moved in one

30 minutes

I just moved into my new apartment. Just now! My furniture is on its way, but I decided I should go over the list one more time.

In the livingroom I put a big rug. The rug is light blue, hemmed with orange, and gives a noon-lit feel. Beside it is a couch made of imitation leather, it's grayish blue and feels soft as velvet. I got pillows for the couch because sometimes I like to snooze right there in front of a TV, there is a TV.

The tv is a 32' widescreen set inside of a fancy combination bookshelf with drawers on the bottom. I did not splurge for a surround sound, but I did get headphones so I wouldn't upset the neighbors playing the TV loudly at night.

Along with this I got a large bookshelf, but I didn't bring so many books that it was full.

Each window in the livingroom has curtains which slide across to open and shut. There's a door with an outside screen window, and there are windows which swing open.

Of course nothing would be complete without the lighting. So I decided the lights should be behind the chairs, bright enough to light up the room from a distance. I can't be more specific about the lights because I have several for each room.

Next, the bathroom. I don't like those bathroom mats, so what I use instead is a towel which is draped over the bathtub. In the bathroom there's a sink, a toilet, and a bathtub. I have new towels which are pink and blue, I just put them aside to make the room look complete.

I got a new shower curtain. The curtain goes around the bathtub. Also a plunger for the toilet. A lot of small necessities go in a broom-sized closet, and there's a small stool to sit on.

The mirror had to be replaced so I also reinstalled one of those earlier after I already paid for the first month of the lease.


I thought my bedroom would look fancy enough with a world map poster and a nightstand. I ended up getting a small radio clock, and laptop just for there. Also I got a chair for my room, in case I really needed a change of scenery from the rest of the house, or felt like reading a book in my room.


Near the front door I nailed a plastic container in order to put some reminders. Also a cup for my keys. There's a fancy footlocker which all my unsorted outdoor items fall into when I am done.

There's also a bench that doubles as a shoe storage device. I brought two pairs of shoes with me when I moved, and I bought a third pair not too long ago to replace my more frequently used sneakers. These all go right near the door which I need to pass by in order to get to my car.

I also purchased a washing machine, and dryer, because it turns out I'd have to go for a drive to a laundromat every week otherwise.

In hindsight, not everything I have brought with me here today is something I ever really planned for.

The kitchen really needed to look fancier. A lot of the knives and food ware was out of my mind up until the last few days. Now I have pots and pans, an knives, and dishes, and cutting boards, plastics. I lose track.

What I did bring for the kitchen included some snacks, cereals, refrigerated iced cream, and other groceries. Those things I couldn't live without. I also had to buy a few replacement items for the stove and dishwasher.

Before I got here I went for a tour of some gimmiky shops which sell stuff people don't need. I was encouraged to purchase art, in order to make my home look nicer for visitors. I can't be sure of the impact it'll have. But I know the walls will look less bare, and I may have some silly little gimmiky junk sitting on my would-be empty shelves. It's a bit of a hassle.

Also I end up having all kinds of things to hang around my windows, and lighting fixtures. Plants and small side-chairs. I can't account for them all, but I was told if I didn't need them, send them back, or give them away.

The thing is, what really makes me who I am is that I'm a tech-hog. I set up a single room to serve as my throne. There's a computer in there. I also put some of my personal affects, and my less fancy decorations to look at in there. Of course, I also have some video game consoles in the livingroom, and some board games, and cards, and all types of gadgets are hanging around the house nowadays, but this was my study room.

I really think I'm going to be able to live here with this stuff, and possibly after I rearrange a few things. I'll be right at home, and less like I'm in a hotel.