Goals each chapter: 
	Redefine reality
	Learn a valuable skill

Pre-story
You're told this is not reality. What you do affects reality.

Story
Reality is perception

I	(Birth) Define the easy reality, what you're told is real becomes reality
	A	Start as a wild bunny
	B	Meet the bunny King, he may even perform certain feats
		i. He tells you he's the king, and so you know he is
	C	Learn a false consciousness
		i.	The assumption Bunnies are GREATER than humans
		ii.	Other lies about righteousness
		iii. Other lies about dangers
	D	Learn about digging, it's underground exploration time
		i. Buddy System equals safety(trust)
		ii. Excavation (exploration)
		iii. Discover (fun)
	
	We have defined the 'known' with so much assertive certainty it can't be denied

II	(Adolescence) Define autonomy, the reality of choice
	A	Encounter first house (Eoromwello, Shadow Man)
	B	Inhabit Eoromwello the spirit guide, discover your true self
		i. the hints have been dropped by this point
		ii. Eoromwello is knowing of prejudice. She marks every story, questioning everything you do.
		iii. Eoromwello also explains stereotypes and freewill.
	C	Learn about connectivity
	D	Learn about sneaking, a fun trade
		i. The shadow man encourages you have fun
		ii. You can't leave without sneaking and facing shadow man directly
	E	Learn about hats and disguises, pointless gimmiks
	F	Learn about cuteness, last resort 
	
	We have defined the 'unknown' by casting doubt about who you are, and the reality you live in
	
III	(Maturity) Define the hard reality, the mistakes
	A	Encounter second house
	B	Inhabit Cooper the law-smith
	C	Learn about the bunny laws
		i. The three unbreakable laws and the extras
	D	Learn about bunny lies
		i. Reveal that other bunnies may not have told the truth
		ii. The remarkable lies forged laws in bunnies you inhabited
	E	Love conflict
		i.	Light is not treated fairly by everyone
		ii. Learn why
		iii. the conflict repeats

	We have defined the 'perception' and 'false consciousness'
	
IV Adversity
	
??	(Immaturity) Defining a lack of choice, existing without making a decision
	A	Introduce a house 
		i. within a time-limit
		ii. with an owner who lives her life normally
		iii. it all ends and may be abrupt
	B	Bun Whitebeard
		i. Insatiable hunger
		ii. Insatiable drive for mischief
	C	Learn about situational camaraderie
		i. The cat
		ii. The human herself
		iii. You are the soothing bunny
	D	Learn about fate
		i. Resisting the carrots
		ii. Smelling / eating everything
	
	Regardless of the outcome the choice is made for us later 'lack of choice'