DATE SCENE CONCEPT

Be HONEST
	It's a dumb story, and maybe there are a few cheating ways the game curve-balls you 
	eg. the relation level system, blackmail, some culture glitch


The flat is the basic meeting spot for new acquaintance.
There are three types of days that can be defined by human behavior.
	1 business - like a weekday, when you're exhausted from work
	2 play - a weekend, or a day off
	3 magic - a special event when everything feels right
	
acquaintance - intro
	visit flat
	discover at work
friend - generous
	childhood story
	set up dates
	brought home

dating - selfish
	dated
	personal

guilt - pass, fail
	otherwise loose criteria, could be sexual
	
LEVEL - 1,2,3, etc. can increase the resistance to losing that connection.
	
There's no difference between going on dates with a friend or sexual romance.

Shall I look at dating sims a bit?

My own ideas...
1 You can get a lot of information joining dates
2 Stalking / finding a specific friend can be initiated by seeking information


how about I make it a game?

DISCUSSION
(Aa>Bb)
Someone may, rarely, have a subject in mind B, but to get to it they need the right mood.  For this they'll have their own personal strategy, which quickly falters when an obstacle A gets in the way.

DATING
intro, gather, test, final. or rather...
interest, generous, greed, guilt

FULL RELATIONSHIP
	intro - acquaint at flat
	H I'm ....

	generous - date
	They walk a while talking, info = intimacy

	greed - some stupid shit, 
		adventure,
		
		demands,
		transgression,
		or an attack bunny ends it
		

	guilt - relation becomes 'real'

INDIVIDUAL DATE
interest, generous, selfish, guilt

factors
	date scene
	relation status
	personality
	emotional
	physical
manipulation steps (outer)
	intro - findin the location
	gather - before a date, go to the location, go there early
	participating in the date
	setting variables
	outcome, escaping
	
date steps "outer struggle"
	interest - 
		prepare - the person attempts to justify their date
		arrival, showing familiarity
	generous - 
		find a goal
		focus on other person, escalation
	selfish - 
		attempt to reach the goal
		taking a risk, visible personality
	guilt - 
		reveal - give some memento, to remember the date
		retry - try again, maybe something went horribly wrong outside the norm
		
		reflect - analyze the date, the person, whenever the date feels like it's over. 
		
reflection "inner struggle"
	emotion
	logic
	attempting to phone friends
manipulation steps (inner)
	go in abstract, attack their self
	abstract, attack their demons
	
	literal soothe, relax, improve self image
	causing havoc, worsen mood
	
	stop phonecall
	force phonecall
	
	direct visit
	talk to bunneh
	 
CULTURE CLIMATE
egocentric, individualism - the person is eager to improve. Their actions alter self image.

sociocentric, populism - someone worried about appearance.  Their social status is equal to self image.

expectation of the society
	
	passing on values - assurance that what you're taught is passed on, and your material possession
	
	full member, rights - you're not treated like a full member of society until you're fully married. Your full title involves the betrothal.
	
value of the relation
	becoming whole - the unity is the person.  It's something a majority demand.
	
	benefits - extrinsic benefits from the other person
	
	excitement - something exotic, worth risk
	
	security - for someone who can't survive, with low skill or work ethic
	
	emotional security - for someone with low self-image
	
TRIBAL BEHAVIOR
	certain expectations are formed. People who aren't part of the group would never meet all expectations.
	