alright. I'm starting a new thing to complain about

I'll probably focus on this rather than all the other things to complain about until it's somehow resolved

People have decided too many words encompass the majority of 


People are saying there are words that encompass almost everything, besides the word everything and that's fine

I'll do one word at a time

Professional

people debated if you were professional because you were a stereotype.

Yes, professional became a stereotype, not a logical word. You are the N word if you're a professional. You wanna be a pro? You got to be a jew, nigger, gypsy, spy, cuck, fag, paedophile, prick, cunt, and you get to be a slave, retarded, shit, inept, backstabber,

you get to be all that, and you get to be an artist

or you could just be an artist and make money

and then if you're a pro you're also all the things those other things encompass if someone brings them up

so, you definitely don't want to be a pro. or you might suck at life if someone points it out, that's part of being inept ie

if you're an artist there's a long history of pros and cons trying to fuck you so you know if you're a pro other pros will fuck you right?

if you're not an artist or a pro the remaining path to earning money is being a con 

see I can do logic like a crappy machine learning algorithm just as well as one of those cons can

all that's left is to determine the stereotypes of being a con

it's impossible for a human to be a concept or a verb unless they invent a pantheon of gods people give a shit about so 

a con is a convict, a person found guilty of a criminal offense and serving a sentence of imprisonment.

Ok. I propose chipping away at criminal offenses until only the ones that really matter are dealt with by lawyers. I probably don't give a shit if someone stole petty cash, but I don't want them being on the list of cons fucking over artists. For all intents and purposes.

Someone who has sex isn't a con unless they raped. And I'd make the definition of rape far more brutal and the punishment far more severe.

The legal system itself is a petty crime as is. Every time a lawyer wastes your time, you should be able to sue them for taking the case whether you win or lose. That's as good as any law they came up with.