How about we write a narrative around how unfulfilling a life built around just 1400 calories per week is.

Fine I have to slide this in, I don't know what I ate. Eating was so mundane I only remember I rejected some old stale cereal once and my mom refused to buy any new cereal for the week it sat in the closet so I even went without breakfast as a kid for stupid reasons like that.

Summary, I probably fasted 3 or 4 days per week, there were days seemingly at random when the food was cheap enough we saved money for a realistic dinner sized meal.

Your childhood

Your teenage growthspurts are unimpressive

Maybe once or twice a week you eat meat

And you can't really remember when your fat parents started abuse, but the signs are there.

Hey I'm actually gifted with hyperlexia but my parents are garbage, everyone listen to my story.

Well ok, I had one sandwich per day by 11 years old. The food kitchen pretty much... gave us 3 days of food my older brother was trying to gain 200 lbs. So I inevitably made five sandwiches ahead of time and he fucking complained what a spoiled piece of shit. He's been spending time with the neighbors eating their food while we were kids.

Oh right so, retarded after puberty. Metabolic disease, inability to digest certain foods. Crazy stupid lady aka my mom fully admits to wrongdoing but does not admit that anyone else's advice could have committed wrongdoing. Look mom, food pyramid. Look mom, boar's head ham. The coldcuts we got gradually decreased in quality until, fuck it, I'll eat hotdogs.

Potassium deficiency. Maybe.

So I eat a lot, a lot. I'm not retarded anymore, my body's just crumbling from the total desaturation of vitamins. Ok fuck it I'll stop exercising. My brain power gradually improved over time but something's happeningg, something worse.

Other people directly intervene. But listen, this is the true story, so far.

So, what happened after they intervened? Figure it out. I don't have to put a number to how much work I've done. If the work didn't matter, this is just a human experience.

Are you ok with remaining broken? Are you ok with encouraging other people to remain broken? Would you participate in encouraging people to fix themselves while you remain broken? I've seen it.