I guess it's time.

I will even the score.

This is complete nonsense. 

For living on the same planet as me. Everyone deserves the same treatment, therefor, the people who decided to associate with me in person, while taking form me, will be provided appropriately equal recompense immediately. The rest of the world get a small taste until they decide to come after me, then they get the full deal.

They must lose four things they worked hard at for thirty years
they must forfeit one goal that might be the accumulation of a lifetime of effort, that means their wealth, their family, their health
	ie I'm an athlete, I had my adrenal gland injured, my heart, my spine, my limbic system even
	
	
	That's four things, and one thing that's a culmination of everything
	
They must have an injury that delays all functionality of their being for two years except to eat and sleep
	this is drug related so, the next can happen at the same time

They need to take risperidone
	and the next
	
They must have their body physically altered for the pursuit of medical science

They must have something they strongly desire, but willingly avoid

They should be struck in the head five times while conscious and however many times is correct while unconscious and anesthetized

They should attempt a high carbohydrate diet of over 3000 calories for three years, younger and healtheir people will survive this easily

They should eat chocolate muffins and nothing else for a month straight, whipped cream topping
	expect cramps, constipation, and massive damage

They should eat white bread and honey for a month straight
	rigorous physical activity to damage their body at the same time

They should have broccoli and chicken soup with no chicken, only broth for the last meal of the day to fill up
	
They need to induce hyperkalemia for a week if this hasn't happened yet

Their legal guardian needs to be trained not to give a damn what they say, and given sri for their mood, and estrogen hormone replacements

If they do all this then their kids can be properly educated and I won't have a complaint. That means: proper diet, proper institution care.

If someone wants to do a take take relation then I'll take their life and be done with them. I'll take about five million per year to be fair. I'm not sure what the recent statistics are.

There is no choice for people involved in my mistreatment. This is a ritual of hazing for anyone who'd willingly try to get the benefits, but only offer annoyance in return.



Doing all this will take a while. The destruction of something that took thirty years for example can't be done in a short time. 

In the extremely unlikely chance that someone wants to be a game developer from before they're five-years-old, get ready to be tortured by whatever lack of benefits they have, too. And any attempt to pile on danger and torture them will come back at you, your loved ones, your abandoned children, and apparently even your parents regardless of how little they care about you.

I haven't listed side-effects because for all I know someone might not have the same reaction to all this.