Hello, intelligent people, what have you done to your life? What are you doing to others? Why are you here?

I don't expect everyone to be correct in their assessment but if they can't answer these basic questions regarding their own actions then the quality of their cognitive ability is impaired.

If someone is clearly not acting as they portray themself then they're either a liar or the prior.

If someone doesn't behave or meet the expectation of a life lived in such a way they describe themself then there's something wrong with their environment, or the prior.



I'd conclude with: Kidnapping, injuring, and drugging someone, prevents them from answering any of these things. So in turn, you've committed a violent crime. If you answer any other way to the second option after committing a violent crime, you're obviously a liar. It's difficult to trust someone who can't answer these questions for some reason other than a physical disability. Con men will try to answer these questions, with lies, to gain trust.

I decided to write this because intelligent does not mean smart. If someone can't answer these things, are they happy?


If someone can't answer these things, are they happy?

Does anyone think an animal has trouble answering these questions?

Because guilt is a factor in human behavior. If you know your answer to be tinged by negative consequences you, deny, or deflect the criticism.

Alright, it might be oversimplified as why do you exist? But that's because you're asking the wrong question. That is an attempt to assign blame to a higher power.


I suppose, if you've never done anything to yourself or other people, that's probably a sign of imbalance. Prosocial behaviors or self reflection are necessary in either case. An attempt to justify your existence as a response to the last question is denial, it's not an answer. You might be here physically because you were brought here, but you need a reason to physically be here in order to know why you are here. If you never plan ahead a single day you can't answer the third question. You floated. If you are here because of malevolent intention, are you going to tell the truth? Of course, not.

---
Stupidity is learned. It's being taught by common core. It's a slower, inarticulate way of dealing with reality. It's a misuse of a common tool. It's an attempt to subvert intelligence. That's what religion is. The 'best' can't be anything but gifted and practiced over a short duration of time, in ten years a prodigy, in twenty years a master, in thirty years the meaning is lost.

I'm glad the internet can look vaguely creative by trying to use my work as an influence but there's still something missing. Renaming titles is kind of odd. Ok it has to be the total lack of interest. Every creator displays this new information that they have. Talking out loud maybe, for content purpose, they aren't hitting deep into major topics. I could just say the people aren't looking stumped enough to be putting a major effort into changing how they think. That is something that I could do before getting tampered with.

---
Well let me adjust that a bit. When I had extra energy I could think deeper. As my sleep and physical body were injured I became someone different who doesn't think deeply.

As trollbait, I'm proof that the american government needs to protect its citizens rather than wait for something to go wrong, and then investigate. If there was a purpose for this to completely ruin my temperment, then in turn the offenders can get my 30 year old body shape, and five, maybe more hits to the side of the head. They also have to go on a low potassium diet for a few months until they begin to heal slow and scar easily. Basically, once they can't sleep longer than 30 minutes at a time, they get put on antipsychotics for half a year, and see if they make it. I'm not going to require they have their ears gouged but if they start screaming about a stabbing pain in their ears the diet's going well. If you could feed them nothing but muffins for a month, well they don't necessarily have a wheat issue, but you get the point. They should also be constapated for a couple days by the time that ends. Maybe after that I'd consider them equal or at least the physical debt they contributed to would be forced on them. Remember, if they say they want to shove something in their ear, give them a q-tip, it's what a mother would do.

I guess that's enough stress relief. I might be able to avoid typing here for a while now.

When someone yells look what you did and the teacher immediately assumes they're in the right, that just makes the teacher look worse. With my non-marking shoes, and the skid on the floor. The scene is just a pathetic example of prejudice and favoritism.

Anyway, I could have denied someone existed. Is that better? Yes I know that person, they exist. Are they so paranoid that they have to erase themself from all records? It's not like I know their name. Maybe if they weren't extorting my brother for wasted time there wouldn't be an issue. But because my brother exists, the question arises, does everything he did as a kid actively work against his entire family? His street cred was actually entirely negative and he ate a little, until the neighbors didn't think he was cute anymore.