The internet as a whole can tell genuine positive motive from a fake and seek to aid and guide people.

Instead, think of this like it's a video game. This is how a video game works. The players try to get as far apart as possible and then the system rubber-bands, the player who's farthest behind gets a massive power increase enough they can reach the front. Games are fucking stupid like that, and it does this same power increase across the whole group of private lan players so they should theoretically end up side-by-side within that window.

--- motive, steering
Whether someone works on improving their self or a group, encouragement to make their motive positive is an utmost endeavor. When the motive finally becomes positive, there should be a boon granted. A boon large enough to sustain that person's well-being and continues to motivate them.

--- negative motive
If an individual or group seeks to take revenge or amplify negative motives they can probably be dissuaded. This is a sign it's time to offer guidance.

With acknowledgment (introduction), you know who they are, they are allowed to know who you are;

With validation (mnemonic), their ideas are somehow rational;

And then by treating their conclusion that they deserve to take action antithetical to what is well and good as a problem, rather than a goal (a challenge). It's a problem they have to solve on their own terms, so they understand. Ask them how they think it can be fixed like there's something wrong. They might initially conclude the other group needs to fix it, but if there are no malicious individuals influencing that group, it can't be true.

Follow a process of problem solving to help them determine there are solutions that they are capable of providing on their own (creative step, redundancy). If they're capable of planning, they can problem solve while in the state of mind. Take into consideration what time of day they do their planning, thinking, and don't mind talking. Discuss this problem with them then. Do it in a manner they would enjoy it taking place until they have solved the problem. Then ask them what they want to do next.

In case of a group it may require separating them by very subtle means. When they feel safer alone than in the group it's a sure sign they are already willing to change. Once each individual is addressed, and they're willing to admit they've all gone through this, the group dynamic that might potentially cause a problem later can be managed in a very similar way.

(This closely resembles my four step learning process.)

--- positive motive
If an individual or group seeks to gratify people with genuine positive motives, they do not need a boon so much. They need a guardian ensuring that there is no negative influence seeking to disrupt their actions. This guardian should be a dormant random observation, to remain undetectable, never spoken of, only understood it is there, because when things go wrong, anywhere between a minute to a day it takes covert action to influence.

So, like the prior section mentions, guardians should dissuade interlopers or negative motive, or negative information, with acknowledgment, validation, and treat the conclusion to take damaging or injurious action against another group as the problem. The solution, to not do it, and understand what they're really thinking is already in the hands of the people with negative motives.

If it ever reaches the point where there's a physical toll that someone is comparing to the worst days of their life then things have already gone so wrong a major investigation needs to take place. If the same person complaining has never been helped in the first place, then there is no way to determine if they're really in discomfort.

--- how it does it
The internet will read information from your past and intuitively understand that you can't possibly be the same person emotionally as you were four years ago. You have experiences first-hand that other people don't which might make you behave differently or respond stronger to similar situations.

--- reception and conclusions
Conclusions, how this will be accepted or resisted.

Positive reception, there are people who believe they should reflect what the internet portrays in their daily lives (Once this plan has been implemented no less than a month). So long as the internet is motivated positively, those people are the ones that will benefit the goals heeded by the internet with genuine positive motivation. So, if a person with special skills is required, this group is the absolute best of the best for getting things done. They are also a safety net. After determining who they are, if they provide proof accepted among their peers that the internet is booning negative motives, or targeting individuals with undesired results for a sustained duration, then efforts should return to trying to reflect the values stated in this document.

Negative reception, there are people who believe it doesn't matter, it should be ridiculed. Fine. Those are the people that should be carefully handled, to avoid coming into contact with one another. In a high-risk-reward scenario, these are the people who would like to be trained, challenged, and allowed if necessary to accept that the only way they're getting out is to start trying, try thinking, try asking for help, or getting good at what they're doing.

Ambivalent or apathetic reception, two sides of the same coin. Not everyone is capable of having an opinion, or they can't have one and commit to it. Simply lay the groundwork, the facts, the choices, actions, and motives. Those that benefit the greater good without staking happiness of other individuals will receive benefits and gratification they desire. 

--- determining role viability
Determining whether someone is capable of taking on a very difficult task is the same process as determining if someone is capable of taking on an influential role in society. If they've never tried to do anything difficult, if they've never succeeded, or if they frequently give up, the merit speaks their worth. So, for example, rich people are capable of buying positions, buying scores, and buying opinions. That is meaningless, they might have been tricked into spending money, their merit can be measured the same way as anyone else.

--- a shifting landscape of AI driven internet architecture, and my personal suggestions

I'm certain if I can understand something, an algorithm that has proven it is capable of understanding that same thing is capable of repeating the task indefinitely. On the contrary I don't fully understand art, but I understand aesthetics. Algorithms that require trial and error are working. The exact process of determining if something is aesthetic is not a science, it's subjective, meaning there's no exact process or algorithm.

The example of a bug is not aesthetic, it's repulsive in the same way that someone with a phobia fears very specific things. Even if it's the most functional shape for flight while hovering, I do not admire this if the color is green and black, with red spots, it is designed to be repellent to things that evolved to fear those colors, or would eat anything that wasn't those colors, it is designed to look disgusting to its evolutionary neighbors. A human would probably never copy a bug unless they genuinely think it looks alright (Then aint is alright, because it never evolved in tandem with competition it wanted to try eating, or run away from).

So in retrospect if you want to make a power play. Only be effective. Find out if your opposition is aroused and desires something. Send them the closest thing to it to lure them in.

If there's nothing going on in their life preventing them from enjoying this, it'll work.

Also in retrospect, if someone has a lot of problems they won't even be phased if you threaten them they're just going to tell you to do it, incriminate yourself, end the problem before they can solve it.

If someone has a problem, and they have a lifetime achievement of problem solving, and you think you qualify to do it and hijack their effort to understand their self. Don't intervene in such a way that would annoy them. Give them the information resources as a primary first step. If they say something you think might be a sign of a bigger problem, maybe your algorithm is wrong in the same way most people are hyperbolic or assume incorrectly with very little evidence.

I've been trying to make a discovery that would (most definitely) upset American education to its core if I finished, and I have. Even on the basis of survival, even if I'm not directly requiring everyone to change their world view, it is proof that the way it was, is a disaster in motion.

Evidently it is not something anyone but the most average person can achieve because only the most average person could possibly determine it's not a mental or physical problem, in the long run. That's me, average joe. At the same time, it requires to rise in ambition, a power gamer. The exact number of problems, physically, fiscally (my mother pinching pennies from our health and food budget for years to save one month of rent that our father spent in a week for us to go on a vacation I abhor), and problems the food industry outright lying about health concerns. 

(Ain't can't accomplish this, it has no body.)

Brief history lesson.

Food industry was advertising in schools, and so everyone else started to. Free advice from someone who wasn't explicitly paid could be an advertisement because the people doing it are repeating what they heard. With resources for well-being and your wallet being targeted, you knew you weren't safe. You were being told to pay for things that weren't solutions either, and they almost worked, placebos were scientifically proven to make a change subconsciously that a person wasn't able to on their own. Fifty-fifty, someone says it's a great product and recommends it to other people.