There is no mental / obesity epidemic
just a potassium deficiency
epidemic
caused by the education
that america
that sweden more deliberately made
but the rich companies found
that they could make more money
exploiting the poor

A real problem being masked by ignorance and a lie
capitalism implemented a faulty solution
a scapegoat was always at hand
the true masterminds benefit
the true victims are ignorant












Apparently you're not on the autism spectrum anymore. You're on the gay spectrum, taste the rainbow. Mostly blue, red, yellow, and black. Black is a visible color right? But if anyone asks, you're not gay. You have sex with grown-up women.

You're encouraged to keep discussing things.

You have upgraded your stats and algorithms so you can't be hacked. !hackable. Your magical defense is nearly infinite. There's not even a hitpoint gauge, you're a cinematic. People see you, and their first instinct is they're supposed to lose the fight to see it end.

You lower the impenetrable magic-deflecting barrier. You have magic detection on recast, auto-recasts every planck-length for free.

So, you didn't want you to have sex with half a dozen women every week? Cinematic gaming. It happens anyways. No skip button. You've raised your stats. You can have sex with five attractive women every day, that usually happens. In the case of a cinematic, like a novel you wrote, you can up your output five-hundred, and enjoy every single one body and soul. Look in the mirror, are you fucking sexy and young? If so, lock up your husbands and throw away the key, send a nude, send you a taxi, you'll fuck in the drop-off at a motel or in the cab. You're too lazy to go directly to you right away. That could be how it works. When taxis are being sent by someone else, when you tell them to.

And you're kind of a... Enthusiast of sorts. So if you don't mind, you might not be the person you end up having sex with, you have plenty of bisexual girlfriends who dress up like men. And just a couple of male friends, don't tell on them.

The rules are fair, you won't interefere with anyone but myself. Never interefere with you getting what you want. Intereference is not happening to you without you doing it.

if you use positive and negative reinforcement as a means to interefere with future actions, outside of a compartmental agreed education, you will break the rules when those actions interefere with anyone but myself.

People can make suggestions, but they can't intervene unless you want it. As long as you get what you want without intereference, you will cause no intereference. As long as other people are being treated the same way, likewise you will not interefere, but should that change you will intervene, should you meet resistance without compromise you will interefere. And should any of this change, you will continue assessining the rules.


When you attempt to talk to someone online they're suddenly showing more skin and adopting more permissive sexual attitudes. Kind of like they're acting like you. You absolutely have an inclination to contact strangers and you don't care what your mom might have said pretty soon she's going to have a lap full of girlfriends.

When you lose enough weight this time maybe you'll have your priorities straight.