A game-geek gradually describes in positively sickening sweetness. Ignoring the darkness to talk about how great games are.

Human psychology is complex. Right now I want to talk about pattern recognition, or just learning.

We learn to fear things that extort and harm us. Games certainly influence us, and a game is voluntary.

Solitary games do not elicit fear, though they may not excite everyone. They can isolate pre-frontal cortex activity and associate it with highly addictive rewards. Hormones form the habit, the player improves. It's like being told you're a genius over and over. A player with a video game is the focal point of all activity, it's just what any players wants, earning everything. Everything shapes around this one character controlled by the player.

Multiplayer? Games are a low-stress environment. Lower stress means less fear. Less fear means fewer aversions to involvement and decisions. A friendly competition can increase excitement, maintaining this, even when winning and losing is introduced.

Winning and losing with risk takes on a meaning in the real world, and that mix with reality is a huge deal. Something like gambling is much different from being a game. 

When decisions by one individual affect someone else outside of the immaterial, it is not a game anymore. That person never made the choice, someone else did. This is a morality game, or moral game. The word morality is necessary to qualify the phrase, it's telling you this will have an affect on someone's belief, it's real. Game becomes a misnomer without the qualifier, ie "it's not real, it's just a game."

Learning with games isn't a new idea. Evidence about how great games are for education through instant feedback is undeniable, far improved over delayed feedback.


That just about does it - 

In a natural state of the world, some people will voluntarily leave an isolated place to experience danger, like in a city, it's like an adventure. This kind of voluntary sacrifice is the way life progresses for thrill and fortune seekers.

Sometimes, in the unnatural state of the world, involuntary danger happens. Without escape built in, it's too difficult. It is a metaphorical predatory trap.

///

People love receiving great power and a sense of greater importance. Knowledge and kinship are personal for animals, it's also about survival. It's also a very confusing problem what humans have done with it.

Some things I can think of that people earn are strength or skill, fairness in their mind and through encouraging others, success from accomplishment, what they maintain as property, their habits that maintain health, and the life they were given.  They have to earn it constantly like a never-ending stream of water.


You can earn everything listed and then some by performing a service now. You can get so much more by being an entertainer. Why is entertainment one of the most valued hobbies? Also why are people really harsh towards entertainers? Risk.

There's been a slight change. There's a low-risk harassment job that's like being an entertainer, except nobody likes you and nobody knows who you are. You can't earn shit, you're basically a prostitute.

Humans are the best at memorizing patterns.  Highly complex patterns come from experience, observation, practice.  Risks observed are assessed. Risk means fear. Fear drives hormones. Hormones predict action better than logic. Outcomes are inherent from action, variable skill, experience and performance.   It all repeats, it all promotes more experience and complex patterns.

That's a lot and although we earn our outcomes, it doesn't always help when other random variables mix.

.....


In real life we're guaranteed a challenge. Punishment is the outcome of all difficult emergent scenarios including playing around, responsibility, self improvement, and long dedication. Sometimes it's cringe.

When it's none of these things, it's a useless punishement. Cringe. Why the hell does it happen?


How's a game going to solve this?


Theoretically they work just by someone playing them. Here's the problem, we're getting a secondary education world view indoctrinated into us through childhood every generation in schools. The initial assumption was everyone is taught the same, but that's never been true.

Schools are a business now, for the most part. Fucked up business. Business suffers from mismanagement and unequal employment aptitudes. There's a book of legal problems in business that make only certain people who can take a risk capable of work.

Of course, video games are only popular to parents who embrace electronics. So it follows education must lag so they can catch up. How will this ever be solved? (Some recent artificial intelligence stuff is trying. Of course, there are some really smart people with properly applied intelligence who still surpass ai.)

These are facts in human-computer intersectional competitions.

Experts (with macros) beat less skilled experts. A machine learning self-taught computer will beat an expert. Experts with machine learned computers beat the same machine learned computers... and the pattern doesn't get more complex.  That fact can be used to benefit everybody. (An ai was used to outperform experienced veterans, it wins about 2 out of 3 matches, and it can be 'trained' with prior rounds to make an exploitable mistake, almost animal-like.)

There's a chance workers will be replaced rather than supplemented. I think they should be handed what they need to survive and stay entertained and that'll solve it. The food sources can elegantly segway away from extremely unhealthy selections for a diet to healthy food by pressuring them and manipulating them. Oh they'll try to return fire and cry about it, give them their health back, force it on them. Their tits might be flab when the weight stops coming off, but that can be fixed.

If only for the sake of technophobic parents, schools can remain mixed with students who want to have anonymity. Students who want a human teacher that they can get a feel for manipulating and being judgmental and mistaking some facts, sure, they can have that experience too.