What I did notice on FB is their hashtag system is confusing, did they copy Twitter. I don't care, but they didn't do a good job.


Ok I've just had to consider how insults are interpreted.

If I describe you as a girl
If I describe you as a blonde with long hair
If I describe you as a little woman

They all bring the same image to mind, however, there's never been any reason for any other human being to come over to a stranger who was clearly adult and say "girl, hey girl" or a man for that matter, "what's up sweetie you want some of this." Actually these scenarios happen... but you wouldn't say "girl" like it was her name.

The original sin is that someone started the rumor you can't call someone "black" so I'm guessing they dropped the term "black" every time they tried to refer to a "black someone", so "black child" becomes "child" so they'd then have to explain they have dark skin... and then it was easier to just say "boy" and it was fucked. But it just so happens, if a "black man" doesn't want to be called "boy" they do not win a double-standard. There's never been a reason etc. to call an adult stranger "boy". In fact, most adults call children "sir" or "miss" because of the potentially inflected discrimination.

The problem is the tradition that saying "black someone or something" is an idiomatic slang for screwing them over.

And you know what to blame for that? Capitalism.

If I describe you as a boy, that's grammatically correct bitch I don't go around saying "there was a young sir here a moment ago" and you, I don't know you but there's not a 100% definite chance you're an adult woman so yes calling you a bitch and assuming you were sided with kill all boys or some nonsense is some kind of future tense libel.

Now we're on the subject of future tense libel. There are two kinds of future tense libel circulating.

Fictional and Real.

In a real future tense, someone back in any time before right now said shit.

In fictional future tense, I tell you a story about someone who said shit.

Neither is capable of truly affecting your reality now. They can't be held in contempt.

The fictional future tense is used to portray that past events have borrowed affects of the present. Whereas the real future tense is the complete opposite, blaming the present on innocuous past events that were buried until modern technology could uncover it.

There is one future tense that matters. Because it's not libel.

When someone has expectations that they make known, it means they will seek opportunities in the future to achieve them. So as long as there's no moral barricade of some sort, the resources they have to exploit will be used.

This brings me to a deeper explanation of why libel doesn't matter. With exceptions.

A real future tense must be spoken to someone or delivered to someone, or explicitly state who's receiving a prediction of some kind. And the recipient needs to have the suggestibility of a child.

So walking up to an adult and calling them kid, boy, girl... trying to trigger their prenatal inhibitions. You're probably going to get hit if you aren't carrying a gun.

Generally before white people stopped being slaved themselves, they'd call eachother 'sirrah' or 'guy' or 'bro' probably. Or you know, 'sir' if they weren't scum.

Speaking of rules. It'd be a double standard if I could call an adult white male a white boy, or just boy, to his face and not expect him to shake his head or squint like I'm retarded or deliberately pissing him off. Actually just thinking of how grammatically weird that is reminds me. You don't go up to a stranger and say 'hey woman' that makes you sound uneducated, the grammar is wrong.

Ok so here's the real issue with calling someone a gender instead of just expecting them to intuit you mean to insult them. You are either an idiot, or you think they are an idiot. You adopted some malformed grammar that'd sound catchy that you heard a stranger they don't know saying. And that's why the current trend are often stupid and malformed grammatical, seeing ain't get added to the dictionary was the death of due process in science.

I got rid of instances where I call him "the boy" which might reference his perspective, and kept instances where I refer to him as a boy. But only as long as I'm not sure if he thinks of himself as "the boy", which he probably wouldn't...

I finally got to considering one important thing in storytelling. Power-dynamics.

pov informs the narrative. An alpha dominant male uncontested does not refer to himself as "the boy" without significant meaning.

Referring to the main vaillain, at one point I say "a girl in command of thousands" and later the same subchapter she becomes a woman figuratively. It's almost too good.

Now that I thought about it, I should look into it.
