8/23/2018
I think this post would stick out too much in dev log given it's about psychology. I finished drinking green tea this morning and I decided it was time to review the last couple of documents I wrote, that would prime me for game logic thinking. I made one addition in the summary and considered how a user's goal in any interface may be to create, change, or destroy; this is an abstraction of the stored data, which only understands change.

This disparity is a definite psychological fallacy.  I can't remember the exact chain of thought. But because it was self-evident I concluded this: the more technologically advanced civilization becomes, the more psychological fallacies will exist.  

I did some research a week ago about civilization.  The English definition of civilization was somewhat perplexing because it immediately works against human desire, contradiction is necessary.  There is a claim, that civilization is supported by culture.  However, humans can't be any more civilized than animals because even the biggest hi tech states with large populations will die in droves at the whim of a natural event.  Civilization creates a psychological fallacy, of safety.  Each animal invents their civilization and maintain it to thwart danger they perceive, but then it could be called a 'safe space'. Humans still live on Earth and will die in droves at the whim of a natural event, not truly safe, only perceived.  There is one last component, humans historically* say 'civilized' in a meritocratic comparison between other humans, that can be competed with (eg they're still a threat).  So obviously animals who challenge each other and live within their means and want almost nothing are more civilized due to comparison. Humans with greater means can't be seen as civilized without some fallacy, or until they safely compete again.

"Historically, civilization has often been understood as a larger and 'more advanced' culture, in contrast to smaller, supposedly primitive cultures." - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civilization

Seeing how humans deliberately try to control the environment, they try to label and fight 'invasive' species, and then they turned around and welcome competition from other humans. It's all an attempt to assert civilization is real, even though the means to make it real may not even exist.  I think you should keep trying, and stop asserting humans are invasive species.

4/26/2022

Russia went to war with Ukraine without a formal declaration and commits war crimes as defined by Geneva. Russia is technologically advanced compared to Ukraine meaning it should be civilized, but it's performing the power-hungry land grab that should depict a comparitively less-civilized nation. 

Civilization, what is wrong with it? 

How can civilization be less civilized? 

Civilized is a word that contradicts its own meaning historically and right now the modern day they're doing it.