
So, uhh, the reason kids weren't allowed to work when they were young. What was it? It's because prostitution was legal and people sold women for dowry. Therefor, having more kids was a profitable and enjoyable experience.

Ok so before Kent Hospital I could manage pain, but obviously with severe potassium deficiency I wasn't healing, and waking up in the middle of the night with blood rushing to my head while my neighbors stomped was doing more and more damage. Sure as they were white they knew they were doing something wrong by staying up all night kicking my ceiling and they will be drug dealers. Them, the people working at the hospital that night, and the next two nights, and the people at Butler hospital are just as damned as the ones who hired them.

Obviously, they want to play it off like this can't come back at them. They actually ran to Elon Musk for help.

My healing is slow and painful, and my body isn't hiding the fact at all. My body can't break down the scar tissue with adrenaline because of the damage that the medication did. I might be like this because I'm on the verge of major improvement, but feeling good about something that'll happen in a week is not how the human body works. Feeling completely normal about what'll happen in a year or two years is unheard of. As of the moment, I feel far from centered, my posture feels crooked, and I have to maintain it like that to restore muscle balance.

If a family is too poor to feed their kids properly, they'd end up like this. Or the parents are too stupid to raise their kid right. Yes I'll include drugging them. I mostly mean their development will be messed up, but bending over backwards to agree medicine invented in the past twenty years is a part of the human diet is a miscarriage of parenthood. I complain about the schools being messed up enough, the parents getting churned out are fucking stupid.

If someone really wants to know what it's like they can become potassium deficient in two months. Don't ever expect to feel normal again.

Women who give birth should be on a healthy diet to recover. If your first born is the only functioning kid and you're not a terrible parent, then it must be a nutritional problem.