We've gotten this far and now I must turn and say, the reason I would prefer not to associate with posers is because they're ingenuine enough they become worthy of dissent. Were I to acknowledge someone was actually capable of feats such as myself my behavior would be uncharacteristic of anything witnessed from me in the past.

So the posers pretending to have the capacity to go one way or the other are just the same as they've always been.

There is no question of conformity. They are the status quo that they should be fighting. There is no question of genius, for the meaning is subjective. There is no question of merit for the meaning is objective. These things can't be determined through portraying a fictional setting.

There is no question of fun or play. These things exist in a voluntary moment to moment basis.

There is no question of expectation. It exists on a subjective basis.

There is no question of desire for it's the expectation that exists in a fantastic setting.

What's left is what we don't know enough about so close your mind if you would embrace destiny also called fate. You have absolute certainty now, your future is predetermined. You are not free to think and behave outside of that possibility space.

What's left is what we don't know enough about so keep your mind open and make an effort to live your desires.

There is real life also called reality. There is fiction also called illusion and denial. Transcending, also called enlightenment, is a choice for someone who wishes or desires another word for wants to function without illusion. Wants are the expectations and desires.

Reality is harsh because it does not meet expectation every waking moment. The slightest mistake can bring great pain and misery. Ignore that and ignore the greatest joy.

Fiction is whatever any individual wants it to be. With great effort, those living in this illusionary world of wanting accept one solitary fiction. But there's reality, where almost any fiction can be experienced at a cost. The expectation can't be met every waking moment. After achieving desire, there is pain and misery from sorrows and guilt.

I see other people having their money abused and I shouldn't care right? I see money being abused and the trust inherently associated with interaction shouldn't matter, because only positive interactions matter. That is certainly not any worse than ignoring someone who's drowning.