The beginning of my online presence was stemmed in the notion that to be a country is to have a government protecting individual rights.

A country is

Well trained personnel, experts of a field, an individual's rights. 

Without a country, I am so powerful I could beat anyone up, I could form an organization of my own. I'd make a country and everyone would be so grateful. And that's why the government needs to pay attention to organizations undermining its country.

The point of declaring a formal statement or a mission is there will be an end.

Action without a goal is a signal. It means there's no target, but a desire to act on everyone.

Rich and poor isn't important because money is a contract, there are many unwritten rules to society, the "social contract." 

The people who can't understand what's happening. The ones who make the decision to take action. And the people who'd encourage it. They are already so sick that they need something to follow.

So, I decided to go public because I was sick. In spite of that challenge, I ended up discussing videogames briefly. Seeing how my writing affects me was an important step. Pretty soon, people in real life started coming to me as though I'd drawn them to me. Where did they come from? They were bisexual women, they were floozies like from a porno, women wanted to use me like I was a thing, like I didn't have a brain that required stimulation. I am not just a man in a godlike body now. I have needs for progress. I have art to work on. So, when someone wants to make a movie using my memoirs as a porno skit. Why don't you believe it? Hentai is art. I never expect someone will successfully make something of it true to life in a live setting.

this is fine but people already decided that socializing is a protected right, doing it online or offline doesn't make a difference, it has nothing to do with freedom of speech. If I go online and talk about socializing being a crap shoot, it's because it is. If I went online and talked about people and groups being crap, and giving names and addresses, that's a call to action.