men's weightloss

After about two or three days the group magically vanished. Guess they weren't really all that supportive

Judging by the activity I'd outright say they were dodging

Would I really be friends with extremely overweight older men? I don't mind giving them the cure, but you know, I might as well update this text file.

4/19/2022
I went jogging Easter.
3:25 pm I guess I'll go outside now although my body is finally craving rest it might be because I have exercised consistently for, I think it's been four weeks. Right now I feel like something's unclogging in my veins, my upper leg area felt tense two days ago and that actually helps me focus on relaxing it. This isn't how you'd expect things to work but it's happening like that.

I did.

4/21/2022

I'm jogging every day. The fact is one side of me is exhausted feeling, so there's no way both sides of my body are getting the same result.

I think by jogging every day I will avoid developing muscle until I'm finally in shape. I don't have enough evidence to prove it, but the fact is you need to rest to develop muscle. The little rest between days is enough to repair, and then going to jog again should damage the unfit cells enough they need repair again. This will repeat until I no longer notice a difference between either side.

When I'm finally at the right level of fitness I'll exercise less often and lose weight again. It might take a day, it might take a month. But, that's only about a 4-pound difference. I was trying to weigh 140 by November but I might weigh 150?

4/26/2022

They're still fat. I know it. 

I haven't lost any weight while exercising. My body shape is rapidly changing, so maybe it's for the better I keep going. It's not happening automatically. I am feeling extreme discomfort. I feel sick as the part of me that's damaged is getting repaired. The muscles are running low on strength. When I can finally stop saying this, I will definitely focus on weight loss again.

4/27/2022

complete meal plan

1/3 cup of cereal : 10 g of carbs, omega 3 fatty acids (1st half) 
4 tablespoons of peanut butter : for ~400 calories, 10 g of carbs, 150 mg potassium ,omega 3 fatty acids (2nd half) 
8 oz of V8 with low sodium (added potassium) : 10 g of carbs, 800 mg potassium

these can be replaced with meat, rice, fish, more expensive stuff is obviously healthier

meat has half the necessary potassium usually, exclude pork; complete protein (complete omega 3)
rice has nothing but omega 3 (1st half), carbs, and calories
fish has everything but carbs
potato has potassium and can replace any carbs

peanut could be replaced by: meat, beans (low calorie), egg
cereal can be replaced with potato or rice

if proteins are the issue some things like quinoa lay claim to complete protein

---
I prefer fish and rice, but a really poor household could still manage to scrounge poultry or some other meat. And so, of course, I'm eating peanut butter mostly because even two meals with meat per day would be too much of a hassle.

nutrients per meal

~ 500 calories mostly from legumes and meat
~30 grams of carbs, 20 g from fruit and 10 g from cereal
1000 mg of potassium from legumes, tomatoes, or fish

proteins from both cereal and legumes is complete
various other vitamins

total goals per day
More than 1500 calories, less tha 2000 calories
70 grams of carbs average (anything less than 100 grams)
3600 mg of potassium (some measurements are not accurate)
---
warnings

according to a chart I am looking at peanut oil has a terrible ratio of omega 6 to omega 3 70:1, fish has the best ratio 1:1. I'm eating peanuts not cooking with peanut oil, but this suggests I should start weaning away from peanuts.


there is no perfect diet that would allow a perfectly sedentary bed-ridden life based on these choices

a low calorie diet will cause deficit, but will not grow any potential fat

even a low carb diet like the one I've been on has an omega-3 deficiency, clearly outwheighing it with omega-6

4/29/2022

The proper prescription for abstaining is heavy exercise.

After exercising for a month or two it's evident that there are many reasons why men should not achieve orgasm after exercise. The top reason is testosterone will return to a baseline quickly after, making the exercise less effective.

all reasons
lower testosterone
lower energy reserves
difficult erogenous reflex
relax after exercise
exacerbating cardio

Some of these things will be worse for beginners, naturally. Someone who can already run for an hour will be able to complete a thirty-minute course with low energy reserves. A beginner who can barely maintain pace won't last five minutes of running. Weightlifting for power follows simliar rules, and it's preferable to increase testosterone before a workout.

Exercise can be harmful if done in excess, but so far, nobody's said abstaining in excess (besides some anecdotes about cancer) could be harmful.

4/29/2022-2

I don't think children need to eat fish and tomatoes because their metabolism will handle dairy, eggs, cereal, and straight out candy without issue. After filtering out all the junk they don't even need as much potassium as an adult. But it is very likely that after a purge or a heatwave they need the healthy food just as much as any other person. They will suffer for a long time without visible effect.

Children don't even need exercise, but they usually like it too much if their diet is ok. They will initiate it without provocation. The myth of telling children to go outside is another sadism like telling them to eat every single thing shovelled on their plate.

6/21/2022

I have mildly improved myself physically while gaining back some weight.

I suffer seemingly random pains around my skin all over my body, but mostly at the peripheral nerves and my face, jaw, and neck. I've taken it as a sign that I'm recovering since no one place ever lasts longer than a couple of days, except for the side of my body that has major damage, that's pretty consistent.