First of all, "sentient" isn't a matter for consideration. If an alien race generates force or behaves a survival strategy, it's enough. For the most part, an alien race is diverse from their point of view, but are inherently better at something than another alien race.

Note: There is something to be said about races that are humanized, that we attempt to assign morality to and traverse with an erect spine and bipedal appendages and fuck.

it usually goes Tier1, upper Tier... no tier rank besides that

BASIC CATEGORIES
Techo 		- technology and mental pattern advancements
	Robo	- robotic life that can't mutate, but it can upgrade and replicate
	Cryptic - incomprehensibly divined (magicians)
	
	
Muto		- physical mutation and streamlining genetics
	Imitator- imitation of other race
	Adept	- extremely altered conciousness, "smart" or just annoying?
		

Warmonger	- pattern to thrive while being attacked (counters selfish)

Entertain	- heavy focus on defending bad decisions
	Detach	- Detaches from reality, literally. Resembles warmonger (counters techo).
	
	Selfish		- genocides other races, never uses their symbols (counters many symbol traps)
	
Lago		- ally and replicate other races' symbols
	Godly	- inherit some unexplainable power for reaching out in faith
	Defile	- closely replicate symbols and rituals, only, the power is removed and the symbol is cursed.
	
Elemental	- manifest powers akin to their environment
	Kinetic	- physically adept, not always organic
	Exceed	- elementals of pure energy genes
	M-Tap	- elementals of pure magic genes

	


solo		- outlying, one-of-a-kind organism

adventurer	- capable of improving much more in a single talent than any one of its kind. But takes considerable investment in its lessons.

steampunk   - use of elaborate symbolism that obfuscates advancement, may be mistaken for religious


ABNORMAL
en          - greatly alter a verse to make it useful - can be an invasion based species
	Mimicry	- imitate life or inanimate objects to replicate
	Creep	- completely convert matter
	Versery	- completely convert reality
	Microdominion   - eradicate blood defense as each organic host is a foreseeable verse until one is taken over completely (zombie)
	
In-Verse	- This type is untiered (UT) deity

	They follow other rules and can't inherently follow the normal physical laws.
	
	Most control territory their symbol or presence occupies. 
	
	Deus Ex Machina- manifests in tech and manipulates it. Requires techo.
	
	Planetary- literally a planet, usually acting god for denizens.
	Starly	- elemental god, good if you're elemental
	
	Essence - composed of magic, or something intangible. manifests through symbols, avatars, and inexplicable events. 
	