Basic actions need to be described

Methods of mass-subordination
	flavor text

	reasons: natural disasters that affect the species are mitigated and controlled. animals become labor force, and only rise against intruders. resource abundance on planet and natural growth of denezins increases.

Techo
	Basic actions
	Harvest, craft, train (knowledge), compute, use item adv., sabotage, deep thought (crypto)
	
	
	Planet-wide effect:
	1  Automatic components skip gathering refinement and crafting.
		water is emptied into pipes immediately delivering all the water in the planet
	
	2  Mechanization overlap the natural order
		eg
		animals and native sentient species are mixed with robotic versions (thinking terminators)
		sand becomes glass
		rocks on the ground become power cells
	
		:The planet will present its resources as though it were offering a harvest to a lord it owes its life.
		
		benefits
		natural disasters are null
		planet becomes a self sufficient astronomical factory
		solo voluntary work yields tremendous merit
		
		:Leaving the planet is an ordeal, you have to learn how to wipe your ass again
	
muto
	Basic actions
	Early warrior, inherit, engrave self, gene manip (craft, self, other), gene storage
	
	
	Selective locations
	1 mutate organic landmass
	
		plants and animals become increasingly deadlier and confusing due to the beauty of complexity
	
		Travel on the planet is rewarding due to experience and field resource acquirement.
	
		:It's excellent. It's vicious. Yesterday I gave my dog a steak and it tried to kill me for my wallet.
	
		benefits
		Experience caps are increased for warriors.
		Plant or animal, natives may be sentient and mutated to fight invaders.
	
	2 generate an equal tier alien race with selective mutations. Subverted to help the muto race regardless of control.
		Homunculus
		a  slaved - npc with command input and does tasks
		
		b  mission mode - usually warmonger that'll enter enemy territory with a "die on completion" command.
		
		c  random - gene mutations, allows for harvesting
		
		d  imitate - generate a clone from harvested dna. Transplant the controller "organ."  
			It'll probably be mistaken by everyone.
		
		e  adv. adept - generate an augmented clone with combined harvested dna. 
		
Warmonger
	Basic actions
	Early warrior, inherit, engrave self, rage, death options*
	
	death options are permanent motivators that ensure a controlling race stays in control.
	
	No motivation otherwise

Entertain (Enters) ??
	Lore: Mistakable for insane clowns that beat each other to submission. They each have a flaw so another can examine and imitate it.
	
	Basic actions
	Laugh, muse, spirit journey, examine, imitate, Enter detach, Enter selfish
	
	
	Random Fad
		During a time, enters will evolve a single trait. During that time this trait becomes a flaw others can imitate. They accumulate jp and unlock stable classes safely this way.
	
	Enter Detach
		For a great sacrifice (like a solo), an Enter can detach and become "flawless" but lose stealth status. They can manually imitate others. Anyone attempting to imitate will become thralled to empower this enter.
	
	Enter Selfish
		Due to loss; the Enter's obsession with symbols, lore, and death trigger its flaw permanently.  It becomes a goal to abuse this role at great cost.
	
Lago
	Lore: prefers the natural order. The belief life occurs for a reason. (They still kill things.)
	
	Basic Actions
	Pray(gen spirit), teach(diplomacy), lore(xeno-affinity), symbol craft, xeno-research, interpret
	
	1  Establishes symbiotic relations with most inhabitants and will not subjugate them forcefully.
	
		:Sometimes the pen is mightier than the sword.
		
		benefits
		magical bullshit
		lore
		spirit
		community
		diplomacy
	2  Gain symbolic power
		massive power over anyone worshipping symbols
		
	3  Direct communication with alien deity
		some races that can't communicate are hard pressed to gain favor, adds diplomacy options.
	
Elemental
	Lore: Despite their great power and adaptive ability.  They don't have a lot going for them.
	
	Basic Actions
	level up, channel power, use skill, adapt
	
	Extra skills from leveling up, lose adaptability
	
	Kinetic
		spar, skill becomes physical actions
	
	Exceed
		store energy, disperse energy, skill is advanced power version
	
	M-tap
		detect magic, skill becomes magic and godly (based on elemental deity).
		
	1  Convert power sources on location to another kind of power source. Removing need to adapt.
	
	2  Contact the elemental deity.
	
	
Solo
	Lore: one of a kind, but some species share ties (eg. used to be human).

	Legendary Sacrifice:
		The solo beasts cannot live simple lives. They endanger their own kind as an epic monster. They threaten their competitors. They aren't always hard to find. 
		
		There is always a reason there is only one.
	
	:they don't follow our orders, and they don't share our view. Let's pray they don't destroy us.
	
	Basic actions
		Varies
		
	Benefits
		Unique powers
	
	no exp cap
	
	no species/war boundary
	
	
adventurer
	Lore: Any curious alien can visit other discovered aliens.  Of course not every alien is curious of them, and may downright hate it.
	
	:they know our ways now. It's like they're one of us.
	
	benefits
	ability to adapt to similar civilizations
	
	learn! Basic Actions of other species
		1 using acquired alien tech without hindrance
		2 gaining in-fight advantage
	
	mixed traits
		soul combined, mutation, cyborg, etc.
	
Steampunk
	Lore: despite their origin, they have a brand, another time, another place.
	
	
enslaved (temp)
	basically some asshole alien took over
	
	:"Our gods are alien invaders."
	"We're lucky. Not dead yet."
	
	benefits
	All resources are pooled for "A couple of gods."
	
	sacrifices
	Civilization is doomed. Top tier powers are blocked.
	
inverse chattle (temp)
	basically some asshole god... yeah.
	
	:We are lambs to the slaughter.
	
	benefits
	# Spirit is always a natural resource.
	# Prayer can purchase favors for spirit.
	# Deeds performed by god in a possessed body still grant useless experience to the body. But no spirit.
	
	:"Look it's Undercog the possessed clocktower cogwork. Come to save the day. 
	"Or crush us."

ABNORMAL
en (cat.)
	Becomes a controlling god on success, microdominion can rewrite the macroverse it invades
	
Mimicry (en macro game)
	More like an economic game type
	Lore: mistakable for imitator
	
	Basic actions
	Varies with mimicked object
	
	Convert other object
	Build / Duplicate
	
	1  Auto locates similar objects on nearby planets (covert takeover)
	2  Entire planet pools as a type of shop or become planetary god
	
	
Creep (en essence material game)
	TD game type
	Lore: Killing in front of characters warns everyone.
	
	Full corruption of a planet will alter it and seed the creep to its core.  A "shadow" of its conquered aliens appear, which will spread the creep to other planets.
	
	
Versery (en micro game)
	Viral game type ????
	Lore: mistakable for game breaking bug
	
	Basic actions
	Varies from verse origin
	
	
	1  Convert some micro verse.
		a  like verse conversion, expand territory
		b  micro-verse abstraction, infrastructure
			requires extra rules
	
Microdominion

	Control (or destroy) a macroverse by capturing its microverses
	
	benefits
	Ignores natural defenses of verse. Creates pathological bodies in animals.
	Allows detection and conduit to other hosts: any verse, animal, planet, reality.
	
	
	
	
in-verse (cat. untiered)
	
	Deus Ex Machina
		Basic mechanical component actions
		Arrest control of any connected robots.
		Easy knowledge access of entire network.
		VR God mode
			enslave - start a machine revolution where VR inhabitants are taken over and forced to enter robots or turn into cyborgs.
			
		
	Planetary
		Lore: essentially a planetary sized mother ship in space. With a few advantages.
		
		Basic Actions
		Become Maker, build, place mission/landmark, free space travel, devour (planet, star?)
	
		1  "Maker" Founds an alien race (pc?)
			:Mother!
			
		2  Spirit core exposure
			Grant power and knowledge to your alien race with your own core power. Easily levels them up.
			
			Use of core may vary
		
	Starly
		Lore: a very small ball of spirit energy, whose heart is a star. Should have similar powers to material essence.
		
		Become Maker, spread, place mission/landmark, become/recall avatar
	
		1  "Maker" Founds an alien race where the avatar is. 
			
			a  spawn on star, starts elementals as exceed that can't go far
			b  spawn in space, starts elementals as avatars
			c  spawn on planet, starts elementals with an M-Tap leader, but future elementals start plain
			
		2  Toggle M-Tap empowerment on/off
		
	Essence
		Material
			Lore: a harmless version of creep
			become maker, spread, inhabit animal (strictly npc)
			
			Full corruption of a planet will make it paradise.
			
		Incorporeal
			Lore: for every god there's at least one other in-verse, which will make an alien, which will invent and pray.
			
			Basic Actions
			incarnate avatar, contact other deity

			1  avatar incarnates 
				as an alien host, try to spread symbols. May get ousted immediately or become catching.
			
			2  sanctified idols
				Any symbols with a real deity will repel other symbols and generate awareness.