flavor text?

Techo
	1  train
		action allows reading and observation to learn other discovered skills.
		
	
	2  tech combat
		simulated, weaponry is high powered and technical, often remote
	
	
	3  covert (deep thought)
		simulated and real. some info can be advantageous.
		
		recognizing info and locating targets for one example. Can involve dissembling and dissemination of information.
	
	
	4  use item
		practice enables more items to be easily used
	5  craft 
		memorize which items you want to use, can be augmented by an assembly line
		
	6  sabotage (tinker)
		practice tweaking items for sometimes explosive results
	7  compute
		practice, what variables are important to predict the future?
		
	8  verse building
		depends on verse. Can greatly influence locations and methods of training.
	
	9  dissemination
		manufacture and spreading of information. Actions disseminate info automatically. 
		
		Dissembling and disseminating useless info is the only way to prevent someone from finding your secrets.
	
muto
	1  mixed combat
		due to incredible strength they rely on direct hand to hand combat for muscle enhancement
		
		gains experience, also a given for gene storage
		
		can become technical and incredibly powerful with gene powers and adventure knowledge
	
	2  faction combat
		faction pvp combat missions take place (sub-race competition)
	
	3  gene manip craft
		long-term practice can result in valuable gene assets
	
	4  Homunculus
		Depends on what you get

Warmonger
	1	Live combat
		It's a do or die kind of life
	2	Deathmatch
	3	Endurance
	4	Gauntlet
	
Entertain
	complicated rules...
	
	1	mingling
		practice talking, laughing, and imitating flaws
	
	2	examine testing
	
	3	enacting flaw
		practice!
		flaws may be entertaining, stupid fads, or hazardous for everyone.
	
	4	imitation
		can be manually done or easily done with the imitate command. to become detached and not appear aloof some practice is necessary
	
	5	world-view
		when detached or selfish,  a world view is the first step in your dark future

	6	storytelling
		learning stories will make your told stories all the more entertaining
		
	7	fighting
		can be covert, opportunistic, brutal, mobs can be assholes and join in faction based fights
		
	8	demagoguery
		through storytelling and imagination new world views and obsession with greater powers awaits the listener
		
	9	zealot
		following a pretend god is just as likely to get you killed as following a cult
		
lago
	1	penance
		a physical endurance training
	2	teach
		practice?
	3	lore
		try not to get killed but manipulate lore and disseminate it to spread your faith
	
	4	symbols
		rng
		even great symbols can become corrupt, or a strong god (who doesn't like you) will be summoned on creation
	
	5	alien races
		can become incredibly complicated in the future
	6	interpret
		while this replaces most aliens' innate instincts towards friend and foe. This can also put you in sticky situations if you don't recognize a covert enemy.
	7	diplomacy
		a little safer than lore because you don't get direct with alien beliefs
		
	8	combat
		physical combat may be highly technical and improve fitness. Or apply to hand to hand street fights. 
		Does not apply to alien combat or war unless extremely sketchy situations occur.

elemental

	1	level up (rpg mechanics)
		gain experience for repeatedly using abilities, may involve hurting things
	2	environment knowledge
		better use of adapt and channeling
	
		look around, learn and memorize good environments
	3	skill use
		practice
		
	
solo
	mixed, can imitate many basic actions, some advanced actions, and is potentially inverse
	
adventurer
	
	mixed, may involve permachange, losing origin actions, can imitate almost every race's basic action
	
	eg convert to a cyborg, physical damage, mental damage
	
steampunk
	

enslaved
	the leader may invoke live pvp, war, or training at will. But generally training consists of work and targeted advertisement.
	
	1	working
		back breaking work, greatly reduces skill acquisition opportunities
	
	2	forced schooling
		learning various ways to think
		a  you believe what leader believes
		b  what skills are available to you
		
		
	
inverse chattle
	
	no change in ordinary practice
	
	training usually will include spiritual boons for
	1	symbol carving
	2	gathering to fortify more landmass
	3	penance
	4	worship

ABNORMAL
	everything's there at the start, practice makes perfect
	
	listing abnormal aliens and some flavor text for posterity

en (cat.)
	Mimicry
		Try to be or sell something that attracts victims
	Creep
		don't die
	Versery
		espionage and stealthy actions will help a take over without anyone noticing
	Microdominion
		even dead people can be discreet, so when the zombie blood takes over don't groan and ask for brains

In-verse (cat.)
	Deus ex machina
		just try out everything machines can do, trying to bust a move and not get defragged
	Planetary
		founds an alien race and pretends to be a floating rock in space that instantly builds into a neat civilization, maybe take a nibble off its moon, not so fast there, you get caught
	Starly
		not being suspicious overlord of an entire star system is impossible, overpower the little people 
	Material Essence
		try not to taste good
	Incorporeal Essence
		it's an all out territory battle royal