POWER LEVELS - LEVEL 4b GATHER

challenge
goal:

1 gather info about the area
2 the locals are a bit nuts
	escalation
3 it's very difficult to force your way through. The place is fortified. Simply digging can get you dizzy.

NATURE MEETS MANIAC
(AaBb)
Taking reversion formula and using it removes one obstacle, and only one.

There's a natural puzzle to complete at the first gate. 

Then you get a new ability to complete the puzzle inside.

(BbCc)
Then you'll see gratuitously constructed habitats. Trees bent. Distortions in the ground like it was molded. The animals here are the ruler of a small territory, they play with grease II and if you're caught they use it playfully on you.

(Bb)
Each time there's some of the grease vegetable, and the area to complete with it.

(Cc)
Pigs have bumpers now, and their bombs push you.  They pick them back up. If you grab one they'll take it back, but you can also throw it at them. 

What a jerk.

You see, the animals from previous levels are here too. Now the dangerous toys are 'harmless' and only ironically interfere with anything you're doing.

(C2c2)
Monkeys...
Not human, and not as shy as squirrels. Upon entering an area, they are carrying banas and grease to erect an icon to dispute territory.

You can get involved, and simply resolve the dispute, shutting them down for a while.

It's dangerous just to walk past because they dig hollows and form monuments difficult to climb with the grease.

(Dd)

Hunkeys... Keepers of the outdoors
Not monkey, extremely meticulous.  They built fortresses and until the fortresses are gone, they continue.

They behave like humans, but their floof gangs are incredibly loyal. With even the slightest bit of threat, they'll counter you.

You can disarm them with bribe.

OPTIONAL: ANIMAL GAMES (OUTDOORS)
There's a group who hang out toting the extreme sports challenge.  They know all kinds of dangerous places.  Well in this case it's the outdoors version.

With the mutated landscape and gathered up grease they can create all kinds of fun things. 

Not everyone wants to play. It's called extreme sports for a reason.

It's not something they advertise either.

OPTIONAL: CONCRETE JUNGLE (LAB)
There's a solid foundation, you can't dig your way in except for select areas.  The very ground is corrupted.

The lab is a veritable dungeon.  The entire place is full of puzzles that can't be cheated.

If you reach the end you get teleported out.  Your curiosity is rewarded with one of the following	
	1 eraser spray (not nearly as powerful as an inventory + item manip)
	2 heart
	3 stamina
Also you are given a checkpoint
