POWER LEVELS - LEVEL 2b GATHER

Introduction to risks and danger

goal: 

The state of the untamed wild is an absolute danger.

1 show the disregard for your puny life
2 animals way too cocky doing dangerous things
3 escalation

(Aa) Talking to dangerous things
It's pretty evident there are bombs somewhere.  Talking to a pig will get you a friendly explanation.

If you discuss the situation you're told where the motherbomb is.  Or you follow a pig.

(DaDDDDDD)

In one area there is so much going on if  you don't have an escort it's dangerous.

---
There's a (BIG) kernel on the mountain with orange orbs. From there you either roll your own or take a bomb from the pile being crafted.
* making bombs not important, no help given


(BaB) Bird watcher - talk

Birds won't let you past normally but you can talk with them.  They'll even inform you.

(BaBBB)
A shiny coin bribe and a group of birds quickly let you pass *.
* coins are introduced as a bana and can be stacked in a purse. It's extremely valuable.

These areas are easy, but still take effort either way.

(Bb) - getting seen

You can sneak past birds, not getting rewarded. 

You can steal some free loot if you're really good at hiding.  

You risk looking crazy, increasing threat level.

Sometimes the birds are so scary you're sent back to a starting point.

(BBBBb)

Multiple bird groups. Require observation and risk to get past.  But sometimes if you can scare one bird (as in level 1), you scare them all away.

(Cc) Cattroll - Avoid
In some strewn out puzzles / platforming areas a cat will hid in plain sight, or in the bush.

Your primary avoid tactic is hiding but you can also try to be very fast, avoid the sleepy cat, or go behind one in hiding.

(CcCc)
Multiple cats. A bit of an obstacle.

(CCa)
Talking to a cat that's awake is a fine way to make it recognize you're not here for play. This also helps you pass the next cat in a bad spot.

(Dd) Terrain origin, hollows
Some pigs are annoying.

A pig in the middle of a bomb session isn't really talkative. 

Messy terrain distortion is present all around. Caused by sinkholes and avalanches, flattening portions of the mountain, and creating unruly structures within.

Hollows are blast holes caused by repeatedly dropping bombs down, and result in places you need to maneuver to get out of, or avoid entirely.

(D2)
Hollows are so big you can only avoid them.