POWER LEVELS - LEVEL 3b GATHER

design goal
1 increase knowledge about the area

2 activities are dangerous and take effort
	
3 use a theme: all these are appropriate
	jungle - probably the hardest to design
	cavern - following the hollows
	giant platform highway
	clouds
	
4 escalate the flipping danger

The jungle is a steeper mountain and valley mix of terrain. First it's important you learn how to get around.

(Aa) Jungle travel
There's a floating cloud up in a tree. Below is a steep wall in front of you, unclimbable.

Climb the tree and get over the wall, which is actually a cliff.

You can get down easily, but not so easy to get up.

(AAa)

Just a higher cliff.

(A2)
Another "ladder" structure, it takes time to climb up, rather than skill.
A "chute" or "pit" if you fall in it places you at the base of a climb.

(Bb) Stunner, forced talking
Now if you're caught by dogs they'll stun you with a bark and go through motions, warning you, increasing threat level if you're caught again.

You can counter with any skill, bana, or hiding.

(BbBb)
Simple escalation. Two dog groups, one walks through a hiding spot repeatedly so you have to be quick.

(AaBb)

Here you can go above, or around the dogs with skill, but it's safer to hide.

(CcDd) Thieving Bullies
There are some banas

Neutral: squirrels and bunnies get between you and the hoard of banas.

Their movement is a bit more complicated than dogs. But they only take what you're holding, and kick you out.


You get past them to grab the bana.

If you hold the right bana, like a key, you can access places. But they really want to steal it back.

Aggressive: the ones you stole from will chase you.

(Ee) Racing - hyper shroom
Fun. You get a trophy bana.

The hyper shroom disables bana effect on you, so as long as you don't run into any dogs or trees you're immune.

SECRET AREA

(Ff) Saber Green
The overpowered solve all answer. You can eat the gras and become immune, you can get more powerful from bigger gras.  You find the sword, and you can cut the grass.

1 The sword can cut things instantly, that would take you a while to chew.
2 The sword can cut animals, and trees.  This makes your threat level increase fast.
3 Shooting with the sword can make you a killer nearly instantly.