POWER LEVELS - LEVEL 1c LINEAR

design goal
1 expand on the ideas with escalation

2 train all the mechanics required and reward the effort with some "fun" offers.

Think more like a linear puzzle until the round's over

(Aa>Bb)

You want to reach a flower. There are birds in the way. Get near them and they shout at you, making you startle, losing a heart.

(lose all your heart and you get homesick)

The obvious path is to go through the grass next to them, and jump out, startling them.

The flower grants you a water jet. This easily scares birds off, limited ammo.

(Ab>Ab>Cc)

Bird groups.  Easily sneak around or try the water jet.

There's something else here. The grass has sun berries, and it recovers your heart.

(Dd > Db)

A squirrel near a tree. It hides when you get close.

You squirt the next squirrel, it hides and the tree shakes, branches snap.

A moment of silence for the squirrel?

The squirrel throws acorns at you! "Why would you do that?" It starts screaming.  Squirrels aren't pushovers, now that tree is dangerous.

#Escalation# glowing lizard
(Eae)

FINAL - HOPCSOTCH
There are some birds coloring the place.  Actually this is some clever puzzle for you to walk on. Fail and they take a heart, and you restart. Finish and you'll sparkle, all the animals come take a look at you, jump, and back away.

game rules / frogger

Then, while shining you run across a simple path and discover a patch of soft dirt in a hill. Perfect. Time to dig.

DREAM
Later you dream of the hopscotch puzzle.
You dream of tall, tall grass, and colorful birds. Then you wake up in the burrow.

[creative secret] You find there's a secret. In the hiding spot there's access to a hilltop. Falling lands you in a flower bed, forcing you to go back and climb.

Some birds try to push you off and there are strange water-balloon throwers that activate along the narrow cliff path.  The ground is gravelly and you can slip if you time a jump wrong. How exciting.  There's something uncommon here, think of it later.