EXTREME FIGHTING

A keeper is waiting to fight a challenger. This is an organized version of fight where you'll be hard pressed to win without a plan.

CHAIR
	don't get caught
	
	1 a strong human sits on a chair, knock the chair over
	
	2 strong human will sit, he also has magic, knock the chair out of the ring
	
	3 the human sits, but the chair won't
	
	4K The chair's really the key here. It's trying to push you out of bounds too now.  The human's not even sitting on it.
	
DIG BORE PIG
	there's a digging pig. The ground will bounce anything you throw.
	
	1 dig faster than the pig.  The ground refills.
	you have to run a course and the pig doesn't have trouble going straight through.
	
	2 the pig eats magic greens, I hope you can beat him now.
	pig pushes the terrain at you, creating more obstacle.
	
	K3 pig is big. race. There are trees that can collapse in front of you. The space bends like the pig's so damn heavy. It's more of a distorted obstacle course now.
	
	K4 pig's ready, this is his swamp, and you can't win. This is a swamp fight.
	
	he'll fight
	timer 3 mins...
	he pins you, you get muddy. 
	he stuns you.
	he throws you.
	He'll dig so you have to chase him under ground.
	
HEAD HOP
	some animals who don't mind being walked on
	
	1 jump on the tough animals
	for practice
	
	2 less tough animals want to dodge you now
	jump to the goal
	
	3 quick animals want to catch you, just hop on the tough ones
	4 some animals don't want to be hopped on, some do, the others catch you
	it's a tricky fight
	
	K5 another bunny wants to jump on you, 1 hit KO, if you fall off the platforms.  He has no penalty.
	
	K6 a bunny that knows kung-fu, don't get kicked. he kicks hard.
	
TALL HEAD HOP
	be sneaky
	
	1 there's a human, jump on head [] times to win. The human will walk away.
	
	2 a human and bunny pair, the bunny will alert the human, and the human tries to avoid.
	
	K3 something's up with the place, and the human is difficult to reach unless you fling yourself. 
	
	That bunny's got stickies, don't get stuck 3 times.
	
	
DODGE BOMB
	each win unlocks harder opponent?
	
	1 Pick someone to fight, throwing balls
	
	2 or throw pulse bomb
	
	K3 this level... this must be the dodge bomb god
	
SUPER DODGE BOMB
	you run a course, and many bombs are thrown at you
	
	the active participants can be knocked out
	
	1 basic
	2 platforms included, don't fall off
	3 the animals are active participants, so you knock them down
	K4 animals who are sneaky keep trying to push you out of bounds
	
SUPER BOMB NOISE
	avoid being captured until you reach a goal or disable opponents (many waves)
	
	you run a course, and there's a ton of wacky terrain, noise generators, and improvised traps
	active bomb throwing participants
	
	Each course is like a gauntlet
	
	1 so much stuff pushes you around, it's not fair. Those damn bunnies are dumping dirt on your head and it's pushing you. getting captured is the issue.
	2 the gravity is kind of weird, but you can hide this time in the broken chunks of floating buildings and hit the animals looking for you.
	
	K3 the ground's got hands
	K4 the hands have a source, the tantamancer, and no finish line
	
EAT THIS
	stuff to eat, grease intentionally
	1 there's some power-pounding fruit eaters, you can eat it and play for fun
	2 fruit hoarders are fending you off, the goal's just to finish it all
	3 there's a SPLAT if you get hit with it you drop your fruit. this time you're on your own if the other animals give up, so try to get them the fruit.
	K4 A human's got stuff, go eat it.
	
LONG TERM
ALLY/RIVAL
probably something like the arcade games

each game or world can introduce a playful ally, or opponent.