An improved design for lessons? Loop

I tried to describe an adaptation of this idea to [u]Hungry! A Story[/u] but the rest has been a process, which arrived here.

Rote gets boring. Mnemonics alone lacks a concrete purpose. Obvious solution, use them both. Less obvious solution, use them both every time there's an important thing to remember.

[b]INDEX[/b]
Summary
Hungry! A Story
Generalized 
Vocabulary Lesson Example
TL;DR


[b]SUMMARY[/b]
This is a simplified explanation.

I test, rote engage memory, add at least one detail
II mnemonics, code long-term memory
III discovery, creativity, mastery, self-directed learning surpassing those initial steps
IV redundancy, rest, try again



[b]HUNGRY! A STORY[/b]
This could be how a game looks (see below for deeper explanation).


I. Basic
	I'm a bunny.
	
	There's not much grass. I try to eat an apple but it rolls away.
	
	I will go hungry without that apple so eventually I figure out how to sink my teef in.
	

II. Mnemonic
	
	There are an excessive number of apples along my path. A few are in oddly out of reach places. Really, nothing to worry over.
	
	Some things I eat aren't really apples, but the same thing works if I am hungry.
	

III. Explore/ Progress
	
	Now it's not like apples are new, but the lack of grass is. In the direction I'm going, there are plenty of apples, and little grass.
	
	There are also a lack of apples over time. If I take a break to consider my next action I can avoid being hungry. I can ignore the hard-to-reach apples still, but maybe it's safer to try.


IV. Redundancy
	I see an apple, the sub-par grass abundance has left me famished. Luckily there's a downhill area where apples tend to roll.
	
	I suddenly feel like I've been here before...
	
	I bid farewell to apple desert. Only to return later, when I'm ready.



[b]GENERALIZED EXPLANATION[/b]
I keep breaking down the early study so this is less and less appealing as I go on.


I. Basic Adequacy
	1. Test long term memory, providing incomplete information. Should be quick and easy to pass.
	
	2. Gather the forgotten or new info to short term memory. Short delays, rote imitations, until it can be nearly repeated without source.

	3. Skill factoring. Recognize nuance, context, or minutiae involved that is bordering a student's neveus. Break impossible lessons down into easier pieces.


II. Use Mnemonics, Code to Long Term Memory

	1. Structure (Story Structure) is a user friendly service/mnemonic device, easy predictions are emotionally fertile. 

	2. Establish context, reference the new by detailed definition, indication when tangible, location, observation, anything that differentiates it from current knowledge.


	3. Use metaphors, use of well-known to add context to an unknown, especially the intangible, anything that integrates current knowledge.


	4. Broken down into small easy steps, a big complex thing is only a matter of time to learn.
	
	5. Apply the interests of the learner, as many points that can be hit at once, to spread a deep seeded connection.


III. Exploration, Self Reflection

	1. Discovery stems comes from the desire to explore.
	
	2. Creativity. Theories. Hypothesis. Manipulate minutiae, recognize and subvert patterns, seek unexplored avenues to reach the new new. 
	
	3. Display pragmatism, an ability to deliberately reach a specific outcome. A demanding test, or a challenge without foreseeable end will require this.
	
	4. Masters speak of a daemon guiding their actions. Consider what was learned recently, and take a momentary rest.

IV. Redundancy
	At a future time continue building from this foundation challenging the longer term memory. 
	
	Start from 'I.'



[b]VOCABULARY LESSON EXAMPLE[/b]

For every word I want to learn I go through all this in about 10 seconds.


Part I: basic

1. Test by definition

2. Rote memorize new words
	multiple syllable words are particularly hard to remember
	
3. Challenge memory (no hints or cheats)
	I try to remember each difficult word I pass until the memory fades. I will encounter them again soon.
	

Part II: I create mnemonics very quickly using whatever I can

1. Nuances; tonal, spelling, hearing
2. Reference by image, use in sentences, using the definition
3. Breaking the word down to syllables
4. Metaphors, imagining stories, references to interesting context
	

Part III: self reflection

1. Trying to own the word, creating more mnemonics, use multiple words. 

2. Pragmatism. Sticking to proper syntax, imitating the use exactly as I've witnessed in past. Trying to think of situations it'd come up.
	
3. Deciding how difficult it was to reach this point. I'll take a momentary break if it's incredibly difficult. I completely stop from self imposed limitation.

Part IV: redundancy
I use a 'flash cards' program, so I'll explain how that works.

Old cards are displayed, and I grade fail or pass. A pass auto sorts old cards back longer and longer intervals. I can also edit the cards manually, at any point.

Words I think I memorized recently are sorted to show up with the old ones the next day.

An old card becomes new again manually if I have a failing score. New cards will always appear again after I read through old cards, closer to the front than any other not yet graded card.

[b]TL;DR[/b] use rote and mnemonic practices together. Rote challenges memory, the mnemonics you learn, and create for yourself codes to long term memory.