Games should have a design goal. This post is probably full of tautology, with all the unnecessary explanations. But I believe it's a reasonable message, rote learning sucks.

Educating, pedagogy, teaching, learning, these words aren't very fun sounding. Skip to video games.

Vocab
Teaching is meant to compel an audience to think or become attached to a thought, generate a following, invoke a natural desire to act, but never capable of telling. It may involve sophistry, which really pisses me off, seriously, if you want someone to remember something fucking with their head all the time is probably the wrong way. Moving on... Psychology taught us emotional responses increase memory, but it won't dictate what we remember.

On the other side of the coin a scholarly approach involves a critical thinking solitary autodidact. One assumes the pedagogy of thinking outside the box unattached, not acting, and merely generalizing and narrowing, bitch, or introverted. It makes a huge impact when ideas work, but with bigger ideas, it's less and less feasible to even test them.


video games!
pros

Not all the mnemonics in the world, but the simplest ones.

purpose, transgression, exploration, flow, async competition, p2p competition

i. THE ANCESTOR NARRATIVE (PURPOSE)

Scenario
This world exists, it's inherently yours. Your ancestors earned it, they survived it.

You made something of it, and you made something of yourself.

Now you are strong so you protect it.

Purpose
Emotional attachment. Personal, long-term achievement being realized. Then a reason to use your earned strength for good.

ii. NARRATIVE (TRANSGRESSIONS)

The morality is intense, the purpose is to simulate a transgression. In a sandbox, which the player can shut off at any point.

The feedback is key. 

Scenarios... sometimes all in one, could involve the player being defensive or offensive.

threat narrative (eg monsters), fear, and hatred are intended to train violent responses in those who enjoy adrenaline and horror.

hazards - response to mechanical dangers (eg cars and unpredictable sci-fi gadgets), distrust, and a bit of clinical intrigue, increases awareness of the real world applications, power of knowledge and the unexplainable part of reality.

persecution - response to emotional attacks. This is more direct, social credibility, financially, and civilization itself as a threat.

death - response to physical attacks or some other perceived danger.  If a defender responds unpracticed, and the wrong way, they will die. This is classical conditioning of a transgression (eg man who falls dies).


As the persecuted (victim), these all invoke an imperative to clear the air (benevolence) or damage the offending source (malevolence), or learn to stray away from danger and think a particular way to survive the unavoidable (prediction).

As persecutor (the asshole) it's more assuming a motive, probably a past conflict, or severe mental disability leads to a malformed decision. Greed, offense, retribution (self motivated) or searching for proof, fear (externally motivated). True disdain or apathy is impossible, no motive is impossible or there is no action. Those in power earned their position and need to decide to keep their position (socially motivated hierarchy).  The thing is there's only one thing to learn as an offender and that's how effective.

iii. EXPLORATION METHOD (CURIOSITY, AWARENESS, AND MASTERY)

The moral potential is high, but this is also a very easy setup for single player adventure games, which has a low morality impact on players.

So I've already gone over this but I think it's very rewarding to someone who wants to stay emotionally distant but still learn a thing.

3 step - essay
	intro
	body
	conclusion
	
4 step - as a test
	introduce
	explore
	test
	finish

circular / cyclic - "The hero's journey"
	
	normal world
	rejection - abstained from journey
	altered world
	normal

iv. FLOW
This is probably not an accurate description of flow. This is a totally passive form of entertainment, leaving your head is optional.

difficulty is reached and remains within skill level

the difficulty is by choice, so it lacks sophistry, it should always cater to the player rather than the story.

It is a very easy game for someone who hates difficult games, and a hard game for someone who wants a challenge.


vi. IF IT WORKS IT WORKS. ASYNCHRONUS COMPETITION

This involves a great deal of moral foresight.

civil - One group does a thing. The next guy does the same thing better. They learn and try to outdo.
This works if they become aware the other exists, idk.

advertisement - One group does a thing. The next guy takes half their money to shill their product by annoying the crap out of everyone they see and the next guy that does the same thing gets ignored.

v. THE LAST PERSON WHO LOSES, WINS. P2P COMPETITION

The subtitle says it all.

civil - proving ground of strategy and skill
	eg winning by bitch name calling, cheating, and lying, having enough skill to score points.
	
rewarding - proof of merit
	eg you really don't want to see the other person have something, make them lose and you intrinsically gain entertainment of a shit show.

?. 
con
Blatantly forcing a conclusion.