I'm thinking about how to describe the game without really telling the player what exactly is going to happen. They could play the demo, it's going to be free and approximate one dungeon of the full game.

...
There is order, and there is chaos. You can pet a bunny. Point and click.

That describes the basic interface and the gameplay. A bunny who lives with a human, crazy right?

The following is a bit more verbose, so if the summary intrigues you just go play the free demo, it's a standalone.

Verbose demo pitch:

The game inherits the spirit of RTS war games and places that in a quaint domestic cuddly home. To get started, click your mouse, pet the bunny. You'll see this in game, repetition, you might have missed a thing. If you're willing to explore on your own the game really opens up to challenge.

Bunneh can be willful. Once he's out of the cage Bunneh will go on a rampage. Half the things in the room are chewy. Wood. Plastic. Fabric. Yum.

You can pet a bunny.

Jerri? Jerri are you there? Pet Bunneh.

Bunneh loves Jerri. He's a bit young, he'll listen to his stomach, or Jerri.



Here's a description for the main game:

The full game includes a short story for Jerri that plays over several weeks (game time). She goes off on her own adventures all the time, leaving Bunneh alone for most of the day. 

Aside: "This is unforgivable! Bunneh deserves petting, and we should work with him to convince Jerri that he deserves all the petting he deserves all day just for being Bunneh. SO there."

Bunneh has become restless after settling into the new living condition [monotony] and discovering this neglect. Although he's well fed.

By the way, you're there, are you going to help or just watch? I'm not judging, it's a video game and I just wanted to make sure you're aware there's a lot of extra content just waiting for you to play. This is no longer the demo and Bunneh will be mature and cooperative. Give him your best for me.

The full game records Bunneh's progress and writes a story about Bunneh. Various stats are recorded for Jerri. Numerous supporting casted characters will appear. There will be plenty of chances to break things, Bunneh is good at that too. There's a cat, she will make your life difficult, and then it's time to quit.