o Make a folder about memory wiki

memory wiki folder

make UI attempts
	o i have pictures
	
	o I think if I use the memory box to 
		1 display stuff happening
			the boxes aren't thread safe
			the icon and title isn't parsed
			
			VERBATIM
			//////
			card' = memory node, displayed on right side

			1 a new card in deck, start blank, play at deliberate speed
			2 a new card overwrites old
			3 a card text is combined with another
			4 a card weakly denotes a new thread is combined, with a randomized break pattern.

			5 a widget may be in place of a card, or text. Widget is anything.
			//////
			
			
		2 memorable options
			if I make a widget it should use the body
	ooooo
	open/close
	o widget/history ascending order from bottomright
	
x	DON'T BOTHER SHOWING WITHOUT TITLE AND SUCH
		I think I made a Physics metaphor a long time ago. eg The coordination to hop stairs must be trained.
	
? MAKING CHAT BUBBLES
	i need variety of chat boxes that'll play the text.
	
	1	the dialogues start - the parser recording all events.
	
		x with mind reading you could see what happened, or a recorder was in the room.

	dtext user? text is a combined stream so I'm not sure if 'user' is an appropriate or meaningful variable in dtext. maybe participants
		
	2	if I encounter it, a dialogue could form - the parser recording streamed text
		
		head bubble (ICON ?) indicating 3D speaker, known or unknown
		a chat at the bottom.
		
	3	the UI generates a memory widget in zone. selection should start the chat zone
	
	This offers potential
		options
		camera
		and easier to read text, in wait mode or realtime
	
	
	ISSUE AT THE TIME OF THIS 
		1 The conversation bits SHOULD BE one merged thread for each occasion.
		
		2 this program has a one parser formula. 
		
		3 a single parser handles real events. 
		one parser per npc is needed to mutate memories
			
		4 one thread can look like two people if I split their actions up
		
		5 as long as text is organized, it won't matter how many people there are.
		
		
	
	4	when it's the end - 
		observed - the memory sticks. available bits in wiki?
		
		unobserved- only the proc remains, in case it needs to quickly setup a scene
		
		special effects
			in zone - the dialogue visibly moves into memory at the bottom of the event stacks.
			
			outside -there can be an event notice approximately at new memory location
			
			either. the head bubble's completion could have a flair
	
	5	memory. events, icons, widgets populate a scrolling side bar
	
	BUBBLE ICON
	o have chat-indicators that display and float like the magnets. fighting for screen space and merging with a bulk experience.
	
	future?: I'm curious if I could get a metaball/bubble merge effect LATER
	
>	MEMORY LOG...? MEMORY QUIPS
	bstorm
	chat, zone chat, events, re-memories
	collapsable organized (dbox) text, expandable icon
	
	So I thought that each memory in the list would be a saved grain, now the idea is I should make a generic list of all (memory items). it should reload like an energy shield
		*wiki can bolster this as a deep thought mechanic, informatic and chat logs
		
	it, and other things like it that display chat need the core text commands - methods from dbox
	
	DESIGN
	dialogue
	{newline}
	tab
	>icon | title (user, event, widget)
		  | text
		  | [options, mad inserts]
	end of dialogue
	[options, mad inserts]
	 
memory wiki, 
	
resource user BUNNY
	ref to all storage type 
	primary "MemoryStorage"
	
			
add stuff to memory, I'm clearly listening

stream a DText, not just the memory... 
	
...
Datesim?
datesim isn't really a person, although it might act like one? It can insert text. It's just there making a very deliberate stream of text, and I know exactly what options I've tried.

events from datesim... could be bottom dialogue, it is definitely a memory

