Game features, or is this an editor?

DIALOGUE
text program helps the developer me to gradually implement various ludic interfaces in-game
	program - is very slow and really the only path for original features
	
	lambda script - source dialogues are ultimately the 2nd most flexible coding feature in this system
	
	virtual media - books, app, browser, billboards, subtitles on videos. This is going to be regarded as the least volatile form of knowledge scripted into the game.
	
	abstract dialogue panels - speech, thoughts, and onomatopoeia, stuff you'd only depict in a comic book is made visible. This is the most volatile form of knowledge scripted into the game.
	
	interactive text - Like a GUI, hovers, clicks, and related content extend the functionality through deeper programming.
	
	
lambda in source dialogue
	widgets are softcoded while writing for a programmer to figure out what to do with
	
	text decorators, animations, text behaviors (speed, font, color) are in place for display manipulation.
	
	* coding an intricate dialogue is a harmony between the two
	
	
	user feedback and user inputs are game-behaviors

		opinions, responses, names
		immediately visible options are saved, and not always meaningful
	
		parametric options will include drag and drop, multiple choice lists, as well as typing your own answer in
	

creative in-game tools (tentative)
	paint - player's choice visuals may be stamps, or a paintbrush utility
	
	text editor - dictate your fantasy story is verbatim, but it is not the same as magic see below.
	
	vector editors - modifying the way things look and move may involve some simple vector utilities
	
	magic word - when text is used it may have some other effect, may be confused with psychic or arcane
	
creative developer tools
	dialogue source (could be written in game if I load it)
	scripting ???????
	programming - nope, no reload
	mod support - I don't know how or even if it's possible.
	
PHYSICAL STRUCTURE (3D)
3rd party developer tools
	architecture, implied uses is a practiced skill and I haven't practiced.
	
	sense, space, applied uses. If there is no flat surface, it will hard to stand still or feel safe.
	
	other stuff...
	movement and shape
		animation
		vector, simple physics
		voxel
		mob and static design
	graphics,
		shader
		material, texture, color, light, appeal

contextual content (simple version)

	sense "use", push button, click
	moving objects. It just needed to work.
	
	doors are quite impossible for a bunny to open but they know everything that's happening on the other side.
	
	containers are easy to hide in
	
creative in-game tools, contextual content
	what tools are at the player's disposal?
		I'm working on including these, and they're common, well known, artistic approaches.
		
		
	movement and shape - 
		primary predictor of what something is
		just look, click it
	
	
	material - 
		secondary predictor of what something is
		by feel, touch it

	color - primary expression, easy to alter. (eg Red is danger)
	
	light - secondary to expression creates mood, drastic. Dark is safe but noise makes safe even worse.
	
	space - an object in a fixed size location. With smaller objects gives it greater meaning. Pretty easy to miss this level detail.