Elemental managing farm

There are some fat fruits hanging on a branch. Proms spends all day harvesting the fruit. The electrical charge of the fruit is the most important quality, unlike regular fruit which is said to contain 'calories' and 'sugar'.

Proms is over-thinking. She doesn't need to know about other fruit. There is only the harvest.

[song]

Feeling good. Just keep feeling it.

At the end of the day, the next harvest would be about a month away. The weather is temperate, the harvest year round.

The next day a storm rolls through.

"I'm sleeping in. The plants will be deadly next week."

The electrical fruit are more like batteries, but the main body of the plant has been bred to maintain its own electricity during drought. Nevertheless, this type of plant could protect itself, and the dead insects that will pile up after a storm is impressive.

Proms can't stop thinking about the plant all day.

The slow growth nature of the fruit plant makes it non-hazardous to the planet's environment ecosystem.

She remembers bringing her own crop over to this plot of land. Proms took care of the same crop in her youth, although...

"Proms, don't touch it without gloves. You're too young to know if that's safe."

"Mom I just saw you touch it."

"It's not that easy. There are... reasons that children die, why we've survived."

Nowhere near the plant in question, through a fence, locked and guarded by electric 'dogs'.

Proms doesn't hesitate to pretend she's reaching to grab it many feet away.

"Stop that!"

She wakes up. It's only been a couple of hours. There's precipitation and no light.

"No better than electric rain."

That's a joke. The rain is nothing special. On their home planet they had 'electric nodules' that fell from the sky along with hot and acidic rain, it's what fed the batteries of their origin plants. It's what fed them as well. The electric fruit was a teraforming crutch, because the planet couldn't form electric nodules in its clouds.

"I almost forgot to eat."

Still thinking about rain. What does an elemental eat?

Elemental is the category. So strictly speaking, what does a Nork eat?

"...Whatever this is."

Today Proms eats soup.

Proms sleeps til the end of the day.