tech: hideout, vr nexus, micronexus, bells, noise cancelling, camo stump, currency exchange, VR rig, VR danger, VR demon, small deals, techo paradise, regen suit, guild, land barter

"Damn. The humidity is pretty bad today. I can't get over how loud those birds are. Why can't I pick a spot where the wind blows out instead of in. Wasn't there a tree planted outside my window? Now there's no tree. The transformers must have chopped it down. I shouldn't leave the house without a pistol."

Ed Buri awoke on a lofty bed. He needed excitement so he got dressed immediately in a rubber space uniform and snorted a mintly packed sugar slurp.  Then he stuffed his thick waist into a real-move and haptic safe simulator and put on VR goggles. After several hours of Bell Market TM (vr) he ordered some cargos with 31Fix, the next best currency after 30Jack, and disconnected.

He tallied how many times people tried to kill him in the VR stall, "38 knife wounds, 5 lethal injections, a kidnapping with hallucinagenics, and someone tried to hack my account, and they probably tried to access the brain directly" - VR Demons are a pretty dangerous bunch of viruses so it's common courtesy to murder strangers. Just today in a transaction he impaled the Bell clerk who uncharacteristically came up to visit customers as a personal touch.  She probably managed to hack his account by talking to him, but after one brutal VR death it was all business, probably from the real clerk that woke up.

So here he's sitting and winding down from bell market. It's like a stock market but it deals in warps and bells, a bird tech which gets you places. He ordered a stealth loot cargo after suggesting the shape of the container and hoped for some silver bells. That'd safeguard him for a week and save him a trip home.

He sneaks a peek out his hole. On the other side is the delivery truck placing a stump.  There's an equally well placed stump beside it. They look like something you'd sit on, or eat off of.  It's unlikely someone followed the delivery truck all the way out here, but he still waited for some sign of danger on the screen.

Ed Buri thinks a stump delivery is common in forest locations, and the chance of murderer-thieves or rogue lab mutations seeing that and thinking it's out of place is trivially unlikely compared to an invasive VR demon.  He takes one final scan for a clear exit and goes out with a ranged noise cancelling device in case he or the cloak make a snitch.

He opens the stump's panel and disengages the cloak. A neat leafy green (as ordered) package is revealed, and when he takes it by the handle it becomes very difficult to see, until it's released. He hauls to his hideout. The same action is repeated on the second stump.

After opening, the bell company seal was present. The contents had to be individually opened and the bells unwrapped, which takes some time.  The unwrapped bell is always the same spiky ball shape in a decorative foil.  After opening you get a hard container of various shape or size, and that opens to reveal the individual bell, mini bells, or some toy; one in every box, some call it a collectable.  It's similar to gambling, but there's no money return unless there's something remarkable about the contents.

He has a nice surprise, getting what he wants. There are the two collectables as expected. Then, after unwrapping the candy-ribbon ball there's a silver bell, which grants teleportation, he draws an image of a house and pulls a tab on it to set the location to 'right here'. There are several town and shop warp bells, specifically advertised tour locations, cheap clay bells that break, but they're technically "free deals" now.  Finally an illusion bell, which defracts a user's location temporarily so they can quickly hop between places, very good in a fight.  Also one angel bell, which rings if the holder is severely injured, auto-teleports, and recovers them, it's a more technical bell which is probably worth everything he spent today and then some, also well worth keeping until it wears out.  Among these useful supplies were auto noisemakers, charms, and mostly pointless shit people made to pass time, small deals TM resold the bell-like junk to the bell company.

Ed gets his gun belt and attaches it to the suit, and he places the home teleport in his pocket. He lines the suit with the angel and seals it completely with a mini detonator to his heart implant, so he'll die if someone successfully rips the suit open outside. "Better die and keep the suit than lose the angel bell along with it."  He loads solid state munitions in the gun, a lot of them are random alloy permutations that don't gravel or dust over time, cheap but reliable.

He gets a map on screen and sees he can save time using a town warp while leaving.  Assuming the bell didn't break on delivery.

First he goes outside, after breathing deep he then he goes outside again to the area around the drop point, and digs about a foot to check metal circuits.

The land was transformed into a paradise not a century before he knew it, but the conniving wards have perfect records of materials, somewhere. City-wide freedom of materials still makes it quick work to go to public fringe areas and get what he needed, which can be hauled in quantities so large one person would never run out.

The circuits reconnected, somehow, so he rubs them with insulated rocks until they break.  This delays any foresting, which might lower the viability of his forest hideout by chopping, harvesting, or zoning the land for inhabitation on their own.  You can't very well register your hideout and keep it secret.  It's not illegal to have one. Under the ward's own system of government, what one does for them self is what they practice, some strange idiom now, it's something nobody says out loud because rumor has it listening devices detect ward-blaspheming hypocrites sarcastically quoting and video footage marks their actions for a long time.

He rings a shop teleporter, it works since he's there now, no fanfare. He steps out of the stall that he teleported into. He picks up super-grass at his new location and chews it, it's a freak of nature that grows wherever it's designated. His body is fully nourished, save for his rage that it stoked.  So he stomps out of the shop in the real world pepped on super-g and punches the door, breaking his arm up to the shoulder.  It pops back into place seconds later, the suit repairs the arm and sets the bones neatly.

What he really wants to do is make something worth making, and have a spectacle worth mentioning. A while ago there was a rumored soul merchant who allowed use of their mobile nexus.  It was partly constructed and only needed the parts to be put together. Of course attempts to steal it were made, those individuals didn't last long from the mech guardians, and the people using the nexus when it was disabled turned out fine, the interior was an alternate location, apparently.

To make one of those nexus locations, to this purpose Ed Buri joined a land guild, which makes claim to worthless plots of land. After finding the most out of the way underground lairs he determined what it'd cost to have it dismissed.  The true purpose is to use the land beside it, which isn't in use yet.  Well long story short he made a few transporter shipments there and made a sort of useless mid-way warp to the middle of nowhere, plugged into the general power supply indefinitely.  It exits at two synchronized endpoints, one goes to an even smaller closet sized region, and one goes to an incomplete portal that'd resemble the mobile nexus of the trader.

Job done so far.

Ed wasn't impressed by the nexus and he sold it, preferring a scavenging style of life.  He went back to a routine of setting up secret bases for his own purposes.