during effects bunneh might have a strange thought

basic 
pressing space will "zone" the zone is a slightly different ui.

Unguided zone (space)
Bunneh: Display an effect
	"Why's?"
	"Intense pondering!"
	"I'm Bunneh."
	"What hap?"
	"Aaaah..."
	
Game Forces Zone (time freeze)
	- none - Narration and cues

Bun Thought (2.2 on) - has a valuable ability to change Bunneh's behavior or the current room.
	
Bun Points (1.2 on)- unintelligible thought bubbles, collecting or idling gives points
	
	"If big bunny eats, little bunny eats."
	"Hey... Hay. MMmm. Hay."
	
	Poem consisting of colors and foods
	Can if, of whose, water back blues.
	
	...
	Red rabbit.
	Green rabbit.
	Oh dear oh dear.
	Black rabbit.
	White rabbit.
	Please come over here.
	Eat this carrot.
	
	
Bun Talks - some dialogue on screen, very attention grabbing

Bun Decisions - Big decision time. A menu of special items and actions that harness the cosmic power are presented.
	This serves as a reminder that the game can be taken differently.
	
	1 None - zoning allows regular interactions no downsides.
	
	2 Cute - zoning causes onlooker to admire and carry you, your wish is granted.  May cause hyper neurotic boredom ending the game early.
	
	3 Rampage - no knockback, an attack will break things. Bunneh makes a terrible racket and fails jumps, cannonballing, or crashing horribly.  Bunneh will not behave. Bunneh, why?
	
	4 Pew pew - zoning makes things cute and bunneh teleports if dragged, clicking things shoots them with deadly hearts. Can disable noises and stun observers with hearts.
	
	5 Extrapeculiarthoughts - chaotic laws in every bubble (req. laws)
	
	6 Wings - while running, bunneh will jump randomly, jump higher, float. Fear propels him up.  He runs at immense speed in zone and turns on a dime, collisions and status are negated. Press shift to brake.
	
	7 Formula - bunneh gets a safe speed boost exiting hiding, grazing walls.  Zone starts a run, and slows turn to a drift. Will crash into walls and knock things over with his speed. Press shift to slam the brakes.
	
	8 Bomb - bunneh can't settle for digging.  He has one bomb.  He's a demolition expert and zoning shows areas you can't put it. 
	
	9 Honeybadger - bunneh becomes immune to status and seethes red, can only interact with a goal.