FIRST IMPRESSION
Founded by upright hominid closely resembling humans. The hominids left few remains and have moved on up the tree.  You may find a few rogue researchers here and there that snuck in, but not much human life.

The decor is primarily vegetation and trees. Wild tangles of shrubbery and vines climb the smooth stone structures. Outside trees grow closely enough they create a solid impenetrable wall guarding the interior from more than a few entrance ways.

Many wild animals, deadly and beautiful, live at the base of the foundation and several floors up. A great deal of excitement is ever present from the creatures who dwell here.  This were like a vacation spot for them, a veritable eden.

On the outskirts are furnished rooms which a human could rest in comfortably, most likely refurbished by excavators, originally made by the natives.

Outside the carved rooms, the design resembles a grotto, with little oasis big enough to cup water out of, and even smaller rivulets the animals drink from.  Paths are parted gingerly so one person can walk, with an equal path allowing another to walk beside it, a small strip of grass grown between. There are small wooden annals which the animals traverse. There are solitary trees which the animals climb, some grow high enough they seem to touch the roof which is also a giant mix of branches and occasionally a roof of stalactites. There are ponds, and pools, and even bodies of water big enough to be rivers, and the entire place is big enough to prosper its own city. 

POPULATION AND LIVABILITY

Off in multiple secluded regions there are expanses of bedded alcoves which could have housed up to seven people in a circle, and there are thousands of them from ancient times.

There are zero permanent humans, and that includes researchers, but many animals. The soil is bursting with life. Seeds that haven't taken root are dispensed everywhere. There's plenty of fresh water flowing through streams outside and inside.

There are walkways made of wood, rock, dirt, and living tree roots. The animals have instantaneous access to the entire location through their annals. There are a number of ground paths, knotholes that have healed centuries ago.  They share the tunnels they dug through the ground soil even predator among prey species keep to their self.

Many life giving plants are available for the animals. But for humans now there are only sun berries, weeds.  The majority of which remain as a weak banquet offered in the upper East side.

The older gentle animals seem to spend more time outside, late in the evening like they want to live every last bit before they're ready to quit.  Maybe they decide to welcome the tougher wild animals to a meal.

WILDLIFE
Black bunnies, owls, bats, escaped domestic pets, cats, and turtles. Other, altered versions, visitors from above.
Caterpillars, butterflies, glowing snakes, soft crabs, and hug bugs.
Fish, swimming mammals, and amphibians.

There are very few carnivores, the large cats that live here can go without eating for several weeks, and usually dine on fish or the elderly animals who welcome it.  The self-restraint they show is not common.

NATURAL RESOURCES
Fresh water. Lots of solid wood, thick and tough as metal. Freshly growing harmless vegetation. It forms a perfect equilibrium and defense from the inside out.

Mass harvesting is prevented, the interior is narrow and with ropey bumps. The exterior nature preserve, and the surrounding land and forestation makes it nearly impossible to get any vehicles in or out.

TOURISM
Black bunnies, and many other animals, domestic and wild alike venture here for several years of their life. It is like their island paradise, disconnected from humanity.