Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Intro, part 1
First Scene; a bukkake nightmare-

Our story's hero has travelled to a mansion in Malibu. His aunt has been reported missing, which is a shame because her great knobby tits and fit ass were a fine sight to behold.

investigation {{
Police cruisers are parked outside the mansion. Inside the mansion library, bunny girls (who were the traditional house servants instead of maids) and policewomen are lounging around. The protagonist enters, he is a man with boyish charms and a very fit body.  He is seduced and liquored up by various women who share his lap and hang over him fawning. During some light conversation someone makes an amusing suggestion he might have a weapon down his pants. The police use that. He's surrounded and handcuffed, his pants are stripped. They touch his ass, it seems a bit much and everyone keeps glancing over now (by bunny girl waitresses and female cops alike) erection! He has the only sausage, and a lot of these girls must not have had some meat in a long time.
	A young beautiful officer with small breasts wearing her hat gets down on all fours and starts tasting his weapon, blowing him, and licking the shaft. Fingers belonging to a commanding officer are pressed up his ass and his erection is rock solid, but quite painful. He grimaces as gloved fingers keep prodding. No matter how well the tiny sexy officer does her work he won't give a single dribble. Her face looks so affectionate, she really wants him to enjoy.
	A bunny waitress who was serving drinks is bumped inside the circle. "This one."
	By accidentally becoming involved, the waitress' face flushes, clearly embarrassed.  The girl shakes her head. She gets pushed on her hands and another officer performs a cavity search, first with glove, then with tongue. She bounces wildly in her cute bunny outfit from sexual molestation. The crowd shifts, the stud and bunny are pushed together. They eagerly fuck when they're allowed to without being prodded, the exhibition was beyond either's threshold. There's little time to enjoy it. The girl goes flush and orgasms quickly and is taken out of the circle, drained of energy and dazed, confused, with the feeling of a man still inside her.
	Police women take their turns mounting the prostrate cock and this lucky guy finally cums inside the girl who blew him earlier, reciprocating her loving gaze. This woman was more prepared for pleasuring than receiving. She lets out a high pitched cry as his seed enters her, the hot load of his first ejaculation entering her. He had a long flight over, and the pent up stress seemed to exit him, straight into her. For the girl it felt like she was a cake, her insides being coated by hot frosting.
	It wasn't quite over yet. There were more waitresses who had contacted him. They're being felt up and violated in the background, and the only proper way to question them seems to be a male organ. So our man gets to cum in every last one, being pushed right in by the officer in charge. While doing so the not yet released bunnies are kept on full alert prodded and held in awkward positions.  Some of them look out of their element, but what can they do? The girls he cums into are all actually happy to serve him. He was a descendent of their previous employer.  So they all take it professionally, not disliking the sensation when an object is pressed in, the warm cock gives them happy thoughts. Being felt up by police women, for most of them seemed too official, and they believed they would really get arrested. Some of them start crying when they're put in handcuffs and read their rights.
	The boy wants to take control and grope some girls too, aware that this is some charade. But it seems this whole time his arms are to remain behind his back handcuffed and that officer twisting his arm must be a real bitch. "You bitch" oops, he shouldn't have let that slip. The bitch pushes him down, and tazers his ass,  he gets injected with serum. Well the serum has a side effect which makes him virile, so his erection never stops now. The bunnies and police women service him and profanity and dirty words escape him, telling the absolute truth every time.
	"Will you have my baby" he says to a beautiful pussy, not even looking at the girl's face. "I want to feel those tits" a girl unbuttons her top, she gives him a boobjob and when he cums she slips forward and it spreads over her neck. "Oh god you look like a real fuckable toy" when a short bunny girl is forced on him, he makes cute little faces and she blushes when his cum squirts over her privates. Repetitive "ooh that's good" while he's being serviced by two or three women at once. "If my hands were free I'd force it down further" when he's cumming on the lips of a pretty girl who looks shy, she cries a little as the thought is so terrible.
	When the cop he called a bitch gets a turn "fuck you!" She laughs, and uncuffs him. "That was a mistake, I'm the one in charge now." he forces her face down on the floor. She turns around for some wild doggy style. He keeps pounding that officer until he cums, his fingers go wherever they catch, she likes the abuse notably, it was all planned out, until... after cumming in her mouth, over her face, ripping her clothes off, cumming in her pussy about three times, and needlessly fondling and screwing her ass; the now exhausted lady is breathing hard, her tits being pinched and he says "I'm thinking about biting these" then the drugged man collapses in a pile of worn out women who couldn't walk under their own power to sit elsewhere.
	One tries nudging him off. He grabs her and fucks her, biting her tits. The cute bunny girl in his arms, unable to fight, his penetrating cock sending shockwaves once more. Never having been abused so much this sensation makes her a total squeeze box of noises.  He treats her just like that last officer and falls asleep while still mounted over, while inside her, his slimy internal cumshots not stopping.
	She crawls away, and before finally pulling his cock out (still hard) he grabs her shoulders and forces her down for the last time, cum oozes in, making her bend sensually. Someone helps pull her away and the cum inside her spills. Her bunny outfit is all ripped and she can't walk straight, her ass is red from punishment.
	
Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Intro, part 2

nightmare?? bukkake sequence {{
brief summary
In a dark place, dick demons are penetrating innocent girls. Faceless creatures of burden and lust spurting semen over faces, chests, inside cunts and licking assholes.  Our hero looks down to see he too has become a demon with a massive cum oozing cock, the focus narrows to him the girls swarm over him and beg for rape, rape until they start screaming in lust from his orgasmic bile.

Tits, firm and erect. Tentacle ooze covers the faces and bodies of these girls. Some demons are drooling so much it looks like pudding, and these demons who drool fill the girls with this mystery porridge by covering their holes with their mouths.
	Clothing is getting pulled off forcefully, torn, suits that are too tight get pulled tighter. Loose clothes lets the tentacles in. Bras are stretched, panties are twisted, bathing suits are licked over, gowns and dresses are being lifted revealing the lewd truth, they want it.
	The demons put their dicks in, each girl utters a sound of enrapture at this treatment and sometimes their eyes roll back. Demon dicks like noise. They abuse the girls more. Tendrils, extra dicks show up and penetrate many asses. Some pull out and accept a girl's mouth while she's catching her breath. The juices flow, squirting, their clothes get dirty and slimy. Some girls are pressed together. Some girls get their breasts squeezed, their nipples are plucked and stretched.
	There is a lone man. He sees his cock is abnormal, ribbed, and protruding so far he can't hide it. His balls are slimy. A girl creeps up behind and kisses him. There's a very long tongue in his mouth and she falls back, the end of his tongue is knobby and clearly phallus shaped. He tries to help her up. His dick drills straight into her cunt, he can feel every twist of her insides. She has a very fine, tight hole.
	He's making her squeal, she shutters, her breasts flop, her dress is already parted in ways that her whole body is visible. He turns to see her face, which she tries to fight, for just a moment. He pulls out, but then forces back in making her squirt from her wet pussy. This girl is a beauty, but what he's doing is ruining her, he's become like the rest of the demons.  She looks at him.  His dick gushes and plunges and her face turns totally erotic. She spreads her arms out as if to take a bullet and he sucks at her chest, both nipples at once.
	He looks up and other girls are advancing, the one he finished looking delirious. She falls away from his grip. Many of the oncoming girls latch their mouth to his cock, slurping the goop. Others work his ballsack, and the cum seeps straight through his flesh filling their mouths with spunk. Those who were late bend over and tempt him with sensual flesh mounds, both front and back. He bends forward and penetrates the girls with his dick tongue, it has bumps and divots which pleasure them.
	Startled by something he looks under and sees a girl attempting to feel how his cock is against her. She's very fine, with wide hips, his dick not way too big a fit. So he grabs her shoulders and pushes, it stabs straight in, a little too deep for her so she holds her stomach as if to stop it from growing. She starts pumping herself over the shaft anyway.  His orgasm wrecks her, she falls over, the next girl taking her place. The ones who are being helped by his tongue dick look happy, and he's oozing cum out his mouth. He presses his face in and squirts several loads in each of their ass, while penetrating them with his tongue. Their bellies fill, they hold it in, and some of them issue the stuff out their mouths.
	He gives other girls kisses which fill their throats, as a demon he still thinks he's quite handsome and he's blushing from glee. The girls enjoy it. Some are knocked out from the blasts of inhuman orgasms he has.  He kisses the first girl who came on to him, she treats his tongue like a real cock of a lover she needs to repay and savors the taste of his cum. He deepthroats her out of reflex, cum straight out his mouth, she swallows, and while pulling out she grips his face with both hands sucking hard. She points at her pussy, definitely not mad at what he did earlier and bends over for him to do it again. While advancing on that woman he cums repeatedly from mouth and dick, covering her, and thrusts inside this girl who is completely covered by semen, a second dick he miraculously discovers right now goes into her ass. She opens her mouth wide to orgasm, cum is dripping down her face and hair, and going into her mouth, her tits white with pasty viscous slime. He pulls out and both his dicks are completely covered as well, but they're both still cumming. A few of the girls in audience are getting return visits from new lively dick demons and floating dicks/tentacles.

Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Intro, part 3

waking {{
Our protagonist wakes up and realises everyone's gone, wait this was supposed to be an investigation about the disappearance of his aunt with a sexy hips and some sexy bits he dreams of gobbling down, so he thought.

[Then something slightly less ludicrous happens.]

He finds a secret passage and an inner study.  Sexually provocative statues and pictures are everywhere.  A strange glowing book making moaning noises attracts him and plays with his mind with seductive thoughts, his horniness that seemed to be a direct result of staying in the mansion increases and so he opens the book to the first chapter...  he thinks it'll be a real let-down if this doesn't turn out to be a diary of an ideal woman, or even a black diary he aunt left. She probably had her way with with men and women alike.

Second Scene: first book chapter; Titled: Dread woman, slut witch, vixen pie-

battle preparation {{
girls in bikini armor / naked / rubbing oil. bright sunlight, damp clits. firm bodies. They whisper of men and their rock hard cocks, and what they dream of those men doing.  Natural ways to relieve themselves dull their senses. These girls are getting ready for war.

operations {{
a dark skinned girl clad in a sexy woven outfit greets another from behind. We get a view of their build, their assets are beautiful.  The dark girl explains that there's not enough men to go around, and they're running lower each day due to exhaustion caused by the heat. Their soldiers end up fucking the men to death.  Our commander's decision is firm, they will take the men from the next town.  The troops are allowed to fuck every last portly man to death immediately now, which should satiate their desires, saving the fittest for war rations.  While speaking she pulls out the cruel wand and rubs it over who she speaks with, the cunt of her informant is dripping and she's bent over, commander turns it around revealing a cruel twisted cock end, it's a snaking leathery shaft, she penetrates and jams it in the black snatch of the informant. Drooling and jiggling the girl agrees ecstatically of the wonderful plan, and takes a nap after being finished off, her pussy reddened and sore from the punishment.

glory orgy {{
Shortly after we see the commander walk off, her nipples get hard as a chill goes up her spin, and she calls on subordinates who follow her. The scene leaves her to focus on the warrior encampment.
	We see the last rationed man fall in front of an army of Amazon women. His limp cock and his life drained all at once.  A fierce female warrior stands above him. She points toward a distant encampment, then she proclaims loudly, "Fucking kill any bitches who retaliate and rape their men blind!"
	The Amazonian battalion forces their way through a really pathetic farming village. Women huddled in their houses, their men on defense, ready fight. Some of them sneer when a horde of seldom dressed women show up before them. There's confusion about what they were supposed to do.  The master in command arrives at center of the field to greet them, he has the most delightful look on his face as a bare chested envoy greets him, her breasts augmented by the best jewellery that the barbaric tribe could fashion.
	The envoy is completely bare chested with a crest of fancy gold and jewels framing her breasts.  She has a fine glaze of sugar and honey coating her skin, the smell is intoxicating. After briefly speaking, the war chief gets a taste of her, courtesy of her offering. They get on his horse and ride into the enemy ranks.  Several women he points out follow him and they go straight past his forces.  He picked out a couple of tall thin women with beautiful armor.
	"We have captured the city" standing in a courtyard the current in command announces, the strong woman who finished their last ration. "now to the victors, came the spoils of war!"  Men are stripped and lured into soft beds, lofty haystacks, the master in command of the fallen army is seduced by beautiful women who he chose.  Their envoy a supreme masochist allows herself to be completely bound and gagged, tempting his erection to enter her holes which she filled with ground nougat flavoring before the battle.
	The women in the audience who aren't bearing the mark of Amazon warriors are tossed around or slapped, completely outcast, the real losers.  In a well defended cottage the children were rounded up. The girls are inspected, the strong ones are marked for labor and tattooed with thorns, the fat or thin ones are left to reclaim the village.  The boys aren't inspected, they join the strong girls. Unmarked, their fate is sealed to be love slaves after maturing. Their army failed to notice this was a battle worth being fought.
	The warriors wearing armor disrobe before feasting on the fat of the new conquered flesh.  
	Various warriors with appropriate garb, and very light armor, nude, heavy armor. They all have their way with the men they bed that day.
	Somewhere in the distance a group of cavalry dismounts their horses and enjoy the senseless carnal pleasure, some of these men are ready for fighting, they hold their weapons proudly no matter how submissive their partner may be. Some women are cut or beaten, barbarians they are called. Disrobed women are sodomized.  The rear battalion are a group of voluntary victims, they wore outfits which allowed rear penetration without being removed. This is that Amazon battalion.
	We see a montage of men cumming in women all around town, out on the battle, some girls get beaten on.  They'll fake orgasms to get the men in the mood, and they scream to ensure their appearance of helplessness remains intact. A major threat to their lives, but still a requirement for their battlefield position. Some of the girls are painfully injured because the men are so heavy getting mounted crushes the women's pelvis or knocks the wind out of them. They are brought back to town on horses, sweaty and dazed, and some men use the horse ride back, an undulating seat for continued thrusts.  Some of the less pleasing women are dragged in sacks, casualties of war.
	Upon arriving in town, the cavalry find out there's a truce. Their master in command of the governing forces, who's getting really good hummers says so. After finding out, they release the captive women, just to find out to their dismay that the women want these men pretty much the same way they were had moments ago. A few guys did very dirty deeds, but they haven't found out yet how deadly the Amazons are. They untie and remove gags from the women and make amends.  Not a man from the cavalry without peak physical form survives the following onslaught of ravenous nyphomatic sex.
	The men who exhausted themselves screwing the women repeatedly are martialled like cattle, and the master in command is left with nothing but grown women in the village. What a great deal for being so giving himself! Half their food and treasures are taken, impoverished children can eat, the chubby ones learn to work harder, this causes the physical form of the remaining girls to even out eventually overf the following years, they are all going to be ravishing fit.  The envoy who successfully made the offer of her own flesh remains as his first concubine. Men who really want to stay with their wives badly enough to fight it are marked and caged, unfit for anything other than rations.
	One young woman circles the cage and licks her lips, the men shutter in fear, their sexuality already spent. They miss their homes already.
	The one man village. He spends his remaining days repopulating and playing husband with every last woman who accepts it.  Those who don't cater him just work and die miserable lonely lives or end up marrying to one of his own sons.  The envoy's job is to live on and create a new religious faction which follows the animal tribe traditions, while letting the war martial have his ways with her until new men populate the village.  It is how they have done things for as long as they've known.

Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Intro, part 4

wanderlust {{
The commander hears someone calling in a singsong tone and she begins trotting toward the source. She called on her beautiful subordinates because three heads are better than one. She unfastens her plate skirt's back panel revealing a goddess ass and loosens her top so her breasts jiggle, her followers do so as well. A few pillars stand tall in a circle, she finds herself in a shadow cast by all of them, then she's teleported inside a temple along with her companions.  A blank tome of sorts is revealed to her and she takes it.  Along a corridor a man shows up out of nowhere and they attempt to coerce him, but he stares blankly. The girls notice his erection, he is an easy target for them and might as well be taken out immediately.  One girl is painfully horny, she takes the first strike.
	Somehow the man doesn't run out of energy, their ally is fucked into submission and spanked and worked to the bone until she's left face down, cum dripping out, looking cum drunk happy. The next girl is grabbed but the shaman leader has had enough. She signals an attack, they grasp the man with the rock hard cock and force him on his back. Straddling him with their privates they put his cock in all their mouths. There's so much cum soon they get tired of sucking and put it in their other holes, the commander is at awe of his strength just a little, the man should be starting to run low on energy or sperm at the very least. One of the girls is going to force clitoris from him but to her surprise and the horror of all who watch the man's tongue is a snake-like pecker. She's fucked by it.
	After massive simultaneous orgasm the group all fall off and release what was stored by this creature of netherworldly passion. He looks invigorated as though fucking those girls gave him great strength. Our commander is grabbed and sodomized. The creature collapses, she had the tightest ass it ever felt, and instead of letting him loose she squeezed him, and thrust herself around him. Her tits felt so soft that whatever touched them was stuck, like a hand in dough.  Although some slime was dispensed on her, the sheer effort left this strange man tapped out bone dry.
	Our champion, the only one left standing, tends to a few wounds by licking and progresses further on. A bounty of men await, she attempts to assault them and they splatter cum across her and fill her with beads and tie her down and continue on and on and on. No matter how much they try her cooch is so tight that many attempts to force their way in just end up in her ass. She swallows cum, drools cum. She practically breathes cum and she gets milked so hard her nipples bleed. She's pounded from every angle, attempts to molest her breasts, ears, her hair, her back. Multiple phallus rub all over her ass crack and vagina. Tentacles wrap around her, whatever clothing she has left is dissolved in semen like it were acid. She's choked, twisted and nearly drowned in liquid manhood. About ten men, with bottomless sexual desire, they eventually can't stop cumming and fall over or lay down, still trying to kiss and tenderly fuck her.
	Then a big one appears, he has dry orgasms which look painful so the commander sucks and squeezes his balls until some pre-cum lands on her chest.  After this relief he mounts and gives her a good ride weighing her down with his huge bulk, the cum on the floor is high enough that a puddle has formed.  She slips around in it while he tries stupidly to shove an oversized cock into her.  His cum is spilling out like a broken valve and after loosing a few gallons wherever he can he can the champ is left covered with a sore anus and throat, but still the victor.

Proven Triumph {{
Emerging... our girl is absolutely beautiful, adorned with cum and saliva, otherwise she's completely naked, her weapon in hand. She reaches a small room. There is a girl with her face, a remarkable resemblance. She fits the dildo in and attempts to interrogate, tired and sticky she presses it further. Her doppleganger who doesn't complain, only whimpers and stares. She has a light orgasm as the dildo penetrates. The chief leaves. The dildo remaining deep in her doppleganger's cunt. A torrent of dark liquid oozes out from her broken hymen.

Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Intro, part 5

assimilation {{
Her escorts she left earlier are found being fucked in the next room. She ignores them, they're tired and worthless, mere playthings for the creatures that lurk. She finds a room with three totems. She reaches out to one, the three glowing lights mingling, and is wrapped by the power which dwells.


[]assimilation with pink deity, the phallic lord[]
Reaching for a red essence that appears to be an armored dragon with an enormous phallus our champion hero who sacrificed her virgin soul is shocked backward and collapses, her muscles grow hard and her skin becomes oily, a thick armor that leaves nothing to the imagination materialises over her new rock hard stomach and thighs, making them stronger. Her pussy is filled with the pink phallus after it becomes a demonic cock, it breaks her empty body but imbues her with new found power, the phallus grows outward as a shell.
	A Dread witch spawn is born, she walks back where 'her escorts' were being forced on for the past few minutes and finds the bukkake demons writhing. Seeing them, a shell of their former glory, it makes her sad but her compadre are glistening and beautiful, clearly having regained some strength from rest, Dread achieves her first male erection, coupled with dirty thoughts, and disgusted how unprepared some warriors are. So she fucks them both, and she uses full heat.
	Her phallus acts as a real organ, allowing her to produce cum which proves both a delight and a great weapon. She remains feminine with the body of an athletic woman, she has multiple orgasms during a single penetration and her sinuous body lasts forever.  The force of her strength while she fucks them is so great, that each girl she visits suffers a screaming confession of hate, love, regret, and torture all while enduring her.  The power of her pink deity has allowed Dread to enjoy the flesh of another woman's pussy and the pleasure is immense, so she cares not, she just wants more.  Much more final than some silly gold cock drill, she can cum inside them. Her pleasure embodied.
	
	The first girl's totally wrecked by that cock. After being rammed by the lusty girl for several minutes she spurts pussy juice and bites Dread, who is completely enchanted by the sensation of writhing flesh. That girl gets dropped. The next open cunt trembles. This whore starts begging and crying until she starts writhing with passion. Dread has her own glancing orgasm, which is so extreme that the flood breaks the warrior's uterus, and spurts out this other girl's ass. The broken woman cries sorrowful tears.
	She completely forgets her face quickly. Dread just drops her last fuck friend on the solid floor and moves to the next, the cum still brewing at the tip of her phallus.  This girl's awake and she pounces on that jhones blowing it, but the sensation of mere lips is weak. Dread breaks the grasp and lifts a new anatomical toy, her phallus grows bigger and it's a nice fit in this girls cream pot, it is penetrating and pushing and soaring till it reaches the end, filling her womb.  The strength Dread has is so powerful, when she squeezes this girl's stomach, it tightens the grip on her own cock, she's thrilled with this full grown woman's moist tightening canal, she's like a fleshy doll. Oh but that's not enough, after pulling out there's further struggle so she plunges inside again, and again, until the girl's completely wiped out the lights in her eyes dimming. Orgasm after orgasm Dread sucks it all in. Two more subordinates are left.
	Two girls have been trying to escape, but seemingly there is no exit to be found, further efforts other than hiding remaining futile.  Now they're huddled behind a table dripping with semen from the bukkake demon men's sex escapades and covering their eyes. Dread greets them both by groping their chests. The girls are forced to suck off Dread and get hornier, and start turning pink from the insidious power of her phallus. Both girls are brewing with new found strength and gladly keep ingesting it all, their pussies wet and overflowing, they start fondling each other and blush. The let Dread cum in their throats so they can fill faster, it turns them on more.  Finally the begging starts, they have changed dramatically, their pussies are hot-boiling hot, both girls can't wait so they get on top of the dead tired bukkake men and really can't tell their erections are gone. They start scissoring, Dread gets herself in between both of them and adds a few cum shots. A few more positions -two girls sandwiched face to face, on top of each other, ass to ass, 69'ing. Dread uses her appendage to fill everything.
	A girl comes out of nowhere, soaked from the waist down. She lays down and offers herself like a piece of meat, eyes tightly shut. Dread takes in the sight and waves her two girls forward, they facefuck and cum down the straggler's throat taking turns cumming insider her. Their penises enter the girl's body easily, she's weak, and treated shamelessly.  After all holes are violated twice they double penetrate her. Her composure starting to dwindle, eyes fluttering, she orgasms, so do the two inside her.
	Once every last girl is worked to exhaustion Dread gathers them in her arms and then she announces 'my bare body erects mountains, I can cum for hours in a single breath, fuck armies without breaking a sweat, face me and you will be truly exhausted.'

Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Intro, part 6 (alternate end)

assimilation {{
Her escorts she left earlier are found being fucked in the next room. She ignores them, they're tired and worthless, mere playthings for the creatures that lurk. She finds a room with three totems. She reaches out to one, the three glowing lights mingling, and is wrapped by the power which dwells.

[]assimilation with blue deity, the erotic goddess[]
Reaching for a blue dome with a nipple that appears to be a kinky girl's breast, our hero who sacrificed her virgin soul is blown backward and transformed into a semi translucent glowing goddess with a phat ass and innocent eyes. See-through apparel that floats about become her garbs, the single dome wraps around one succulent nipple and it sucks itself on firm and spirals down one breast amplifying both in size.
    Falling to her knees dread reaches down covering her privates and she squirts, 'eeeh?!' her nipples lactate slightly.  She can barely stand, but does, with her hips twisting lightly trying to hold something in.
    A Dread goddess is born, she brusquely wanders back to where there were men fucking for a piece of the action and tries to blow one to wake him up, a guilty look is plastered all across her face. After little results her friends come around and help her up, they each become enchanted by her beauty and feel her transcending sensuality. Starting with her obtrusive tits and her face, they lick and kiss, and they feel by pressing her against theirs. Dread gets wet and her nipples ooze and she drools from the fondling tongues, her ass shakes and her tits bounce. She has an orgasm from dealing with the tension in her privates. Her ears are both licked, her nipples become swollen stiff, red as cherries with hard pink sprinkles surrounding them. They start licking lower and get her stomach, her butt, they lick her clit, her front and her back. Her toes. hey get a taste of everything, they all lick at once, they achieve several orgasms from Dreads power seeping into them. They want Dread to taste them now.
    Rifts appear and thoroughly hap upon the beautiful women holding themselves, enchanted. Dread, vying for more erotic approval, uses many spectral tentacles which begin playing, mouths, hands, tongues. A glowing menagerie of pleasure organs. Each girl gets the treatment that they gave Dread ten fold.
    Their pussies and asses are opened, it goes a little further. They get stretched, skewered, glowing cum not of this world drips around them, their bodies are coated and their skin itches. Bright lights flash in their heads while they thrust at objects that are immaterial.  Spectral tentacles wrap around their bodies binding them, twisting them passionately, making them moan. They reach out to dread begging more, the pleasure of endless tireless sexual groping.
    Dread meets them one on one, floating in the air. She gives them individual comfort. The lustful girls crumble at the invisible connection between them. Her fingers, her lips, and her tongue, her sweet scented breasts, she lets them taste each one.  She begins teleporting. The girls midsections vibrate with kinetic powers.  She kisses each one while they cum, and tantalizing them foreplay and dancing, arouses them more. She suck on their nipples, and their breasts start growing larger from her power sinking into them.
    A goddess stands tall, vaginal fluids dripping from her body, her nipples fully erect. She splits into five of herself and simultaneously caress her mates tenderly.  While doing this an incantation is commenced. The incantation covers the floor with symbols and the power floods upwards, ending her split personification.
    They all spontaneously generate a ball of energy in front of them, just below their pelvis.  Their breasts become grow sopping moist, their asses quiver while they walk. They give dread exactly what she wants. The energy balls are thrust against her vigorously, she swallows glowing cum. Lights of pleasure slide along chest, Her cleavage is covered and mashed about while she is fondled. The girls take on an ethereal form, losing their touch with reality, and they send their souls over Dread, they combine and form a blob which sucks her in and forces her open, turns her head and then recedes into her flesh.
	Her eyes glow a deep frightening blue.
    Dread muses, 'I travel through space, time, dimensions. I can command man and woman alike to deal pleasure with a single word. Each waking moment for me feels like centuries of ecstasy. Face me and you will be truly fucked.'


	
Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Intro, part 7 (alternate end)

assimilation {{
Her escorts she left earlier are found being fucked in the next room. She ignores them, they're tired and worthless, mere playthings for the creatures that lurk. She finds a room with three totems. She reaches out to one, the three glowing lights mingling, and is wrapped by the power which dwells.


[]assimilation with green deity, the perverse devil[]
Reaching for a green angel with a forked tongue that binds itself. In pain, our champion is thrown off and collapses momentarily, a green aura veins through her body until she is consumed with green segmented tendrils. Her body is covered by tattered robes, giving a shrewish appearance. Her tongue whips with the appearance of a lizard's and black wings appear at her back for a moment, subsiding.
	A Dread devil is born, she wants nothing more than to see her cohorts fumbling in sexual agony. So she reenters where the bukkake orgy was taking place. To her dismay the men are unconscious. Her friends getting some peace instead of being reamed, and beaten, and abused. 
	Displaying little anger but unleashing unbridled lust, she licks one of these girls going straight from pussy to ass, sticking her thick probing tongue in, fucking and lapping her lovely insides. She grinds her own pussy against the other. Soon her little friend is riled and ready. Breathing heavy, panting, even gushing and red from embarrassment Dread's vicious bride turns to her and returns a passionate kiss, a kiss that is turned around scaring her because the lizard tongue is long and very strong and it threatens to enter her throat, but it doesn't. They continue making out, Dread's friend gets hotter and hotter from the large sexual swirling motions that her commander controls in her mouth, and pretty soon she's docile and limp, her energy and focus is narrowed, to more basic urges, a need for sexual release, entirely on her own clitoris.
	Sweating and so horny now, our victim cries out for more, more! She passes out and pisses herself, carnal desire violating her to her core. Other women gather around with shock and awe, they are wet and delirious, the room has an odd green insidious haze. 
	Just a moment ago they saw Dread become a man with wings of a devil and fuck with obscene passion, like a horrifying monster bent over a sacrificial lamb, it fucked her raw and groped every inch biting and clawing, the pretty lamb took it all and begged for more. Cum was pushed deep into her from what they saw of it that came out, blood trickled out her womanhood, the beast fucking so hard here skin tore. The girl was flipped over and got drilled like a horny bitch, always loving it. She bled from pleasure, and begged for more. The devil's dick pulled out and got bigger, spiky knobs grew from the sides and it went back in. Her ass was stretched open by its fingers, she went berserk, her scrawny waist flexing down and up and down. It seemed like it wouldn't stop, then nothing made sense. Most of this was in their minds. 
	And the devil who was actually a woman, she didn't do any of that. She pressed her tongue into the berserk girl just once to relieve her before she screamed like a banshee and sprayed hot liquid and coughed from her raw sore throat.
	What Dread did next was unmount her friend and pulled another entranced woman to the side. This girl, she imagined after the darkness, an octopus like creature was feeling her body, it pushed inside her pussy, her ass, her mouth, squeezed her breasts, spread her and twisted her arm, pushed her to the ground and felt her again and again, she thought she'd be pulled inside-out. It covered her eyes, her ears, and pleasured her remaining senses more and more.  Can't breathe, can't scream in pleasure, can't see what was in front of her or what shape it took on, but she felt it. A thick goo of vaginal fluid spread from her pussy, her nipples became red and hard. She pissed herself, she opened her mouth wide to release the tension and breathe. Something enters her throat and she coughs up phlegm. Her ass is stretched and she holds her own ass to avoid shitting herself. Then she's bound on a table by Dread, for that moment she can see nearly what is really happening. Each girl is sticking their fingers in her while she's bound by tattered cloth.
	The last of the group are still entranced, Dread enticed them to make love to this bound girl. She admired with a sick sense of satisfaction that they were all playthings, out of control with lust. One believed a boy pulled her down on top of him. So she was groping his cock. Another saw a dick of a strong man she lovingly licked to keep erect.  Another saw a beautiful banquet of clams to suck on.
	The first victim regained consciousness.  Her mind a hazy mess, she masturbates, still wet, and approaches dread directly and gets on her knees. First orally pleasuring, trying to feel her body, she gives up and rubs her body against the devil. She's held loosely and Dread returns the oral pleasure. She suffers massive multiple orgasms and sweats, her physical energy draining quickly. A fat long tongue slides into her and her eyes blank, the tongue slides out and her pussy is munched and licked until her body stops twitching from orgasm.
	The group of girls tire themselves and wane, then collapse, happily they encountered whatever sexual thrill they could imagine.  Some of them dreamed things lasting an entire lifetime, trapped in their own minds. The veil of reality was lifted, their ecstasy took over.
	Dread brooded, the deed was so simple, not one girl made her come even close to joy. With that she stands and mutters 'I can see within the secret hearts of men and women. I can warp their minds and unravel inhibition.  Beyond desire there is a place housing torment, face me and you will be truly satisfied.'