

Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Ch1, part 1

[continuing from pink alignment]
Third Scene; after having read the previous chapter

horny sluts {{
Our curious detective exits his aunt's study, where he found the book, with a new image in the fap bank and a rock hard cock. Upon exit there are a few women eyeing him in the lobby. They're not wearing underwear, rubbing their nipples, and licking their lips lewdly.  One of them puts down a purse and pulls out a vibrating dildo.  A girl spreads her legs revealing a glistening wet snatch. A couple of them are drinking tea.
	He ejaculates a little pre-cum, enters the hidden study and looks down at his sore dick, his eyes wide, "I thought everyone went home." He pumps his erection a couple times, it's surprising him recently what his body can do. he opens the lobby door with his cock soaring, ready to fuck. No one's there...  So he goes back to the desk where the book remains.
	He notices a picture of a beautiful pin up showing her rear and takes down the frame to whack off. The next chapter to the book is on the backside of the pin up photo, so he reads on, it's good good to pass up.

Fourth Scene; Second book chapter; binding the bukkake god;
Dread Witch is a naked muscular powerhouse, very beautiful. She entices the infinite cum god immediately upon entering his lair.  The god is a monstrous form, horns of a great ox, an ogre with eyes between layers of muscle tissues.  The dark creature advances and meets his opponent with a lovely kiss that slops seminal residue on her face and eyes and drips down her stomach.
	He roars and sploodges from tentacle protrusions after feeling her firm toned body, covering her face, making her blush while wiping it. The cum god falls into a false sense of safety.  It accepts her holes as she presses them to his many feelers, her oral, her ass, her amazing cunt. It gently strokes her to please her and himself. He suckles her nipples. Her clit is massaged with small tentacles.  Never ending dirty white coating is rubbed around Dread's body as fluids leak out of the creature.
	Some black fluids which stick like glue cover her and bind her where it lands, the god assaults her with a mighty fucking using its many tentacles while Dread begs for more.  Her left hand becomes bound to her chest and she awkwardly twists as her legs stick together. The eyes of the cum demon shut and black liquid seeps out, Dread is pressed against it making a honey like coating cover.  Taking her from behind and pulling some sticky glops out of the way, the giant dick lord holds his primary phallus waiting.  Dread, barely able to move, tells him to have his way, she'll be like a kinky slave girl forever. His cock grows harder and the veins protrude, muscles flex uncontrollably.
	A massive erection bores straight into her ass, deeply penetrating her bowels. Dread can't help twitching and her back arches, her eyes water, she bears her teeth and she shouts "aah! ah! more!" as it thrusts, the thick end spreading her open and slowly oozing thick sap directly into her, making the sensation harsher and harsher. The tentacles that were small combine below his anal exploring cock and become an elephant trunk sized mass slightly smaller than the former. The end takes on the shape of a spear.
	Dread understands the intent, he means to fuck her simultaneously.  Her nipples become solid like rocks, and she shakes her head convulsively "Wa...WaitWait!NO"  Surprised she gapes her eyes wide and twitches uncontrollably as the cock of many tentacles twists into her wet cunt.  It breaks through about halfway before the bundled mass splits into many, trying to push in deeper. The fluids pump through them like hoses. The odd muscles of the tentacle lord flex and ripple. The great single erection stiffens unbelievably and gets shoved in deeper, breaking through to her colon. The enormous uterus pumps. The dispensed liquid from his great erection fill her stomach ever so slightly and the black form of a witch bears the pleasure grunting to hold in the never ending supply which could have easily destroyed it. 
	"Ung. I'm so full." Dread mutters, when the flow dissipates.
	The split tentacles of his second cock eject from her vagina and try rubbing against her face and nipples while they ejaculate unpredictably.  Then in a final fit of impossible bearing the Dread Spawn is forced into a cowgirl position above the creature.  The cum pours out her ass and down the shaft as it tries drilling her tight pussy. The sticky black fluids which bound her body wear off. She has a few orgasms fighting the violating cock of her assaulter.  The dick slips in a hard thrust and he spurts a dangerous amount of cum behind her back, blowing her hair into her face, the pussy is rubbed down his shaft still clear not quite fully penetrated and Dread holds her legs firmly around the middle.
	They make out and cum pours out her mouth and nostrils from a great throat fucking by several tongues that ooze as much semen as any other dick the horny god has.  It is holding her like a cushy doll, Dread makes a disgusted face looking away from him momentarily. Her nipples are suckled on by it like it ruthlessly, and her genitals are thoroughly played with before the god fully retracts all its tentacles and the black fluids are absorbed by its eyes.
	Once the pleasure ends the Dread spawn with her tight never tiring muscles is held like a teddybear and cuddled by the sleeping monstrosity.  After a moment of hesitation, pink climbs out and wipes off what she was bathed in and she gets to work. Fucking the bukkake god's men and female servants with an ghastly grin, redecorating the room, moving a few pillars this way or that, taking down portraits, and reorganizing his pantry... wtf? Finally she breaks off its horns with her bare hands, cuts its many eyes with her fingers, sticks a pepper down its throat, and bangs a cock ring onto its ordinance sized dick which never loses wood.
	As she exits, Dread visualises the happy look on the bukkake gods face as it kissed her deeply.  Then she realises there's a tentacle reaching up her leg fondling her thighs and she stamps on it. The goliath of fluid roars painfully but remains immobile. The wounded god is left blinded and festering reaching for something to drizzle its sticky goo in once more. Crippled and hungry, growing slightly impotent during the centuries to come.  Its blackening secondary eyes pouring their cement ready glues, the damned god of generous proportions and infinite virility fell by its own great potency of vulgar quantities.

Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Ch1, part 2
Fifth Scene; second book chapter; Dancing boy-

Naughty {{
Reading the book of dankness in an abandoned temple, a dancing boy was fapping. Not unlike those who read the previous chapters as well. His clothing is generic and he wears jewellery like a girl. He has bracelets, fancy earring, a necklace, some garb around his waist, and is wearing sandals. His belly is pierced, he has a strong chest and slightly curvy waist, his arms are flat, non muscular, his legs are firm non muscular, he has a tanned pigmentation. He talks like he's pissed off when around others. His face is flat, but the look on his face tells he doesn't give a damn.
	The book glows in a dark purplish aura while closed.  He says "it's too bad all the orgies I've been in are old women and fat men. Journeys such as these don't happen in real life. It's all fairy tales and dreams."
	He stands up and walks a little further into the entrance, the door closes. Which of course means he must venture further to find out what's going on.  He pulls up his pants and moves on.  In his possession there are a few undiscerning objects, it's possible he's carrying a blade.

Trapping {{
After walking forward our dancer sees a bronze statue which resembles a girl pointing and laughing at him.  He slaps it a few times on the face and the ass picturing the girl the statue was created from pleading seductively. He knocks an object that was hanging from her hand to the floor and a door slams shut.
	The boy discovers this temple has not been completely abandoned, after all. A pretty young lady was asleep nearby, she is wearing a blue slip of an outfit, her nipples protrude quite eloquently. He moves forward, a tension in the air, sweat spreads over his forehead, he leans forward and sticks his tongue out to wet those nipples through her dress since he desperately wants to take advantage of her. Women in his day are usually married long before reaching adulthood.
	She addresses the boy, "mother fucker," and hugs him tight with his face over her breast. "I was lost, can you help me?" She didn't seem that lost, she's already feeling this young man up, and she's holding his hand under her skirt revealing a very curvaceous ass, her squishy parts are being pressed against by his face and his hands, it's like she had expected it. "Mnnhhh... feel that?"  Not really caring, he gets a good taste of her cleavage and believes she's already been with child.  To him this makes her first comment a little more passing. The idea to get a meal comes to mind as well.
	His cock soars and she pushes him back, stands then swerves over to a candle lit wall. Bending forward her loose pussy is revealed in the open and her juicy ass flexes, her breasts squish against the wall and spread past her tiny waist. She's just a flower waiting to be pollinated once more, the dancing boy can't resist the temptation. The woman might be a harlot or an outcast going by her immediate attempt to let him fuck her. She began breathing harder and begging for cum. No longer supporting her own weight on the wall, she pressed her face against the boulder stone and fondles her own nipples and her butt. Her clothing remained on.
	The dancer is quite horny of course, he drops his robe open after unfastening the belt and stops before making entry into an unfamiliar person.  With enticing eyes the woman weakly begins rubbing her ass and pussy against him, a thankful look crossing her face.  Desperate now, the dancer's cock begins to twitch, and he breathes deep before pushing forward. His cock is barely pressing against her through her sweat plastered clothing and she orgasms, it's so exciting he spreads her pussy wide. Reaching below the hem he thrusts. The lusty tramp suddenly roars vulgarly and a tremendous torrent of fluids rush out from her, multiple orgasms, spewing everywhere. Her tits bounce and issue milk, her hand spread against the wall as she becomes a limp fuck toy.
	Still so very excited the boy grabs those generous tits and fondles and teases and that pussy he's thrusting is squirting and writhing. He cums into her. The girl doesn't face him but weakly bends down until her tits are rubbing the brick floor and she sticks her tongue out and bites it lightly, eyes narrowing.  Pulling out momentarily, the semi tired penis gets hard again. Pussy or ass, it didn't matter which, it seemed like she's ready to accept everything he had. She turned her head to look at him, her hair messy, and her tits still rubbing the paving.  A fierce look on her face. She takes a hold of him by the balls and she strokes them gently.
	After sensing his hesitation, the fond stroking stops and she pulls him out. She gets down into a comfortable sleeping position he was familiar they met this way at first. The blue clothed whore opens her mouth, sticking out her tongue, reaching for his stiff meat, wagging that tongue.  She sticks her index and middle finger in and out over her tongue.  The kisses the air and licks her upper lip. 
	He enters her mouth carefully, the first nibble from her lips. She sucks on the tip enthusiastically poking at the hole with her tongue. His dick is so ready it begins to drip. She tries to lap it all up with her cute tongue. He moves it closer and her tongue rubs a quarter down the shaft, closing her mouth now she's turned on by the bumpy texture and slippery feel of it. She begins moaning, as though his dick were in her pussy again and he nearly loses all breath when an involuntary shutter thrusts the entire shaft down her throat, she continues to rub her tongue around in an attempt to pleasure even while being suffocated slightly. After a few seconds of deepthroating his cock he pulls away. She's practially out of breath, laying on her side, her pussy and ass still gleaming in full view of the candle light from the other side, drooling the cum out of her mouth to the floor while she shutters. She's gasping for air.
	Not quite done, he feels her up while she's catching her breath.  He gets a whiff of her and the smell is exciting.  He thinks he can use her tits, as they're flopped in front of him, he wacks off and inserts between the two. It's pretty hot but not a tight enough grip.  He tries to loosen her clothing a bit and looks at her pretty face.  Her eyes are closed slightly like she's just waking up.
	He rolls her and checks the ass, it looks nice, so he slips between the cheeks and gets a wild ride as she reacts thrusting her hips backwards, tightening her firm ass and rubbing his tool.  She turns her face to him, a joyous look in her eyes.  Suddenly a really sick thought comes to mind and he switches to her pussy, he covers her mouth, and he makes a sinister face. It's like he lost control. He cums inside her again.  He switches back and forth now, she starts to wriggle a little but eventually gives up, her orgasmic reflex in full action, she's still enjoying it.  Her tits bounce around wildly and drip nectar, confined by her messed clothes slightly.  Thrusting masculinity is all she feels. Her chest and stomach are pressed to the floor.
	This time the dancer yells while he spurts inside her, she's crying, he cums a few more times in ass and pussy. He's going back and forth, her body a funhouse for his passion. He's spanking her, and rubbing her breasts around, the scrawny bastard forces her to reposition uncomfortably several times, and he takes positions of power which would allow him to rape her, if she weren't already giving herself completely. Her face gets pushed around a little, she grunts while trying to wriggle her ass, she's cumming whatever direction his shaft slides, her slippery body getting bared as her clothing is pulled tight. The upper part of her dress is torn and she starts shrieking in painful climax with each breath she lets out.
	Momentarily they both stop and the blue kinky whatever, not looking at him says "do it again."  A spark of some anger lights up in the man's eyes at this comment, for he not only gave it his all but he dared venture into the extreme.
	One final touch he thinks, he reaches down taking out his dagger and cuts the sides of her clothes, she starts moving to stop him but gives in. What was once her body simply a plaything for both their improvised enjoyment. The removed clothing releases her cleavage entirely and her shoulder straps are cut, the back of her dress is opened for maximum ease of access.  Her jiggling breasts practically start flapping around the moment he undoes them.  He rolls her to her back.
	Her figure is astounding. Her ass is so well endowed her back doesn't touch the floor. Her shoulders are narrow and her breasts reach the floor easily. He wants to make love to her as she is now forever.  A strange glow is cast on him as he stares at her bared body. ("We can't have that now") He momentarily forgets all but the pursuance of greater sexual pleasure. He's glad he really got a good look at her, so he can remember forever.
	He starts thrusting hard. The girl gapes her mouth and breathes. Her chest sticks out and she flexes her stomach. She cums hard, and he cums harder. He grabs her tits and squishes them making her yell louder and some milk squirts out. He bites her erect teat, he squeezes her ass and white fluid from his early escapade squirts out. He presses into her so hard she cranes her neck back and contorts her spine convulsing in pleasure. Her tits are displayed gorgeously, her arms reach back behind her head, and he grabs her by the waist. He dangerously stabs into her womb with his penis while she simply opens her eyes, unbelieving, he convulses in a final blast of enthusiasm, he makes it last longer, then lets go.  A painful look of torment and horror is plastered on the face of a once seductive beauty, her hair is ground to the paved floor as all strength gives out. Her amazing tits are raw from punishment. Her ass is chapped from grinding against earth.
	Spittle dripping out his mouth, he holds one of her legs up then pulls out of her, uncouthly unloading a final wad into then across her privates. He gets a good look at his dirty work, a crumpled mess of a woman, her clothes ripped. Her pussy was stretched, her ass bruised. Drool is coming out of her mouth, her tongue protrudes slightly. She can barely breathe due to exhaustion. Her hair's frizzed, cum is dripping out her ass and vagina. Her tits are stiff, the surrounding skin is rubbed red from the stone floor, parts of her dress and skin is not only cut but ripped from digging into the floor.  She wore makeup, it is smeared a little.
	Not in much better state of affairs than the slut he just undid. The dancer falls to a sitting position.  He reaches for the object he took off the statue and looked at it carefully, for no reason at all, pinkish lights glow and he feels rejuvenated physically, but not mentally.

Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Ch1, part 3
Sexually Transmitted Dreams {{
The boy's horniness is intense and guilt rips him apart. Making him feel weak and useless. A walking corpse of what he was, he can hardly breath from anguish. To his greatest regret his cock stiffens again, and upon looking back he can still see a tattered blue garment lit by candlelight.  He simply can't bare to look at that beautiful woman any longer. It makes his dick cry considering he got his second wind and she was sleeping off the first. At least he thinks she's sleeping.
	The horny bastard starts walking again, in search of an exit, someone sneaks up behind him and covers his eyes. This sensation, he knows it well, for it is forever stained in his conciousness from a mere few minutes ago. A woman was pressed against his back, and his dick hungers for more.
 	He didn't say a word, he merely turned and gripped her arms.  It wasn't the same woman, this one was completely innocent and slender, with a green gleam in her eyes. Clearly she was in no better state of affairs than the previous with him in front of her now, his stiffening region pleading to enjoy another treat, her helplessness made him lust. It sickened him, but it felt like he was already penetrating her mentally, or she was penetrating him.
	She kissed him. She gave him the blowjob immediately, her passionate glances at his face made him fearful of what may happen. So he lifted her face away from his crotch and she struggled weakly, as though she wanted to suck more cum and drink it in deep.  He cums between her lips as she inserts his penis once more.
	He ravages her, he eats her out, then he grabs her hair and twists her face away.  This is the only time she spoke to him directly, her request 'Don't hold back' so he stood up behind her and gently slid inward. In throes of unheard passion the girl struggled with that rock hard pecker, not only did it increase the amount of pleasure he felt but apparently she felt it much more.
	She bares her teeth and she sweats all over. What luck he must have to encounter this cute little sex freak. Closing those beautiful green eyes which made him so horny, she bent backward and spurted, he gladly returned the favor and filled her crevice. He pressed his fingers inside her ass and she came again and then she lay forward. Allowing him to be pleasured immensely by her sexual banquet, his cock never got soft, her soft parts stretched to meet his demand. She takes him silently and looks at him with a horny open mouth, and his cum fills her. She has a light orgasm or two before falling asleep and he pulls out. Finally he self aware of the repeated molestation. 
	Now he doesn't mind. The stories he read, they now seem so alive and true.
	Although she sleeps peacefully the image digs into him. He stares at her glistening ass and pussy.  His dick still stiff, he simply climbs on her and presses in again, she moans weakly, and he breathes, releasing whatever would escape into her.  They both fall asleep, connected.
	The boy lays down to rest on top of his sleeping captive and he dreams of the book, and a strange black effigy which becomes a part of him.  He ejaculates into the girl while sleeping, and she awakes each time.  She pants, drools slightly, she looks down.  His orgasms keep growing stronger, the amount of fluid released increases. Her womb is filled completely, she crawls away semen flowing out of her.
	She intends to give him a blowjob and he cums at the lightest touch, and pretty soon she's worked up over it. The green eyed nymph grabs his ballsack and he spurts all over her arm. She tries to hold his cock with her hand hard enough to the flow but he just cums more.  She starts to passionately blow him and drools out what he delivers.
	The cum which exits as he sleeps is thick. It spills out her mouth. It sticks to her tongue. It gets all over her naked body. It makes it difficult for her to move without getting it all over. She masturbates and inserts him.  Bad move, she screams terrified at the pressure of her full womb and ejaculate squirts from her small pussy once again.  She rubs it on her asshole and the cum covers her backside. Looks of fear and frenzy and soon rage show on her face as she struggles to dominate his body.
	Soon a kinky little green eyed girl places the tip of this man's penis to her clit and rubs it over. She has a few harsh orgasms, the cum acts as a waterpick and the sensation is so good.  She gets down to play more, her head goes down on might as well have been a foot long golfclub and she swallows every inch.  It comes out her nostrils before she makes it all the way down and her eyes water.  Her stomach fills and she pisses herself.  The cum leaks from between her lips and onto him, again, and he just keeps cumming, cumming, deep inside her throat.  She thinks she might die attempting to finish him.
	
	He awakes. He pulls her face up and still under his power, she's forced into a reverse cowgirl position. He sticks his cock into her and cums, he sticks his cock into her again and cums, he sticks it in yet again and cums.
	She starts begging. "Oh NO! Forgive Me! I can't take it!" Release the trance. I must release the trance! she thinks. His cum starts to invade her every sexual corner and consciousness wavers. He puts his cock into her pretty little asshole. "It won't fit" but it does and the amazing sensation overwhelms her. She goes ballistic, unable to concentrate on what she was doing. The cum fills her and her small stomach stretches. She screams and begs and wails.  He pulls her hair and pounds into her laying on their side while her legs kick the air each thrust.  He's kissing and caressing her face while he does this.
	In his mind right now the boy is fucking a valley of skanky nymphomaniacs. An angel, a schoolgirl, and a devil.  Each one never stops pleading for more what happens in the real world doesn't appear to him the slightest. From his perspective, they barraged him into a fit of lovemaking by liking his cock and spreading their pussies out, then making him return the favor to their bodies.
	He rolls onto the green eyed girl. Cum jets out her mouth and ass, her pussy is fingered and several explosions of cum exit her asshole. The skinny jerk throat fucks her from a sixty-nine position while bending her legs up and he tongue fucks her pussy, and he bites. She twitches.  Cum sprays from her pussy and she squirts, cum drips down both sides of her face and over her nipples.  The boy starts kissing and licking her privates as he cums into her throat repeatedly.  He licks her ass and stands, then shoves downward pressing green to the floor by her neck.
	He starts getting ridiculous again chasing the sensation he felt not long ago. He doggy styles with his dick in her ass, and in her vagina. He grabs her by the hair ,pulls it just to hear her yell while he bits her neck. He puts her in a full nelson while receiving head, he gets her against a protruding rock on the wall and forces her against it repeatedly.  Her ass hits the wall and jiggles and her face is forced to the wall.  He rubs her nipples. He puts his hands on her neck and licks her face sloppily. He covers her nose and mouth. He starts spanking her wildly while she's forced into a corner of the room.
	He runs out of energy eventually and falls completely to sleep. His face perched on green eye's nose while he was busy sucking at it.  She gets away and coughs up a lot of vile gunks, she releases his ejaculate from her bowels. Then she crawls away into the shadows.

Sexdolls {{
Somewhere in a room not far away, while a dancer boy sleeps.  A short skinny girl with tired green eyes plays with a weak girl in a tattered blue dress.
	Lightly touching each part of her body, the green girl grins with a satisfaction of a dervish and the blue slutty beauty reacts like she is struck by jolts of immeasurable pleasure while she holds her eyes shut.
	The green one is suddenly alert to some presence, she turns around, much too late. A built woman fully clothed snuck up behind her and, after seeing this she plunged her fingers into the young lady.  Green blushes holding the fingers to push them away. The red haired woman instead gives clitoris and plays with green's ass. The green eyed girl bears down and achieves a massive orgasm, stretching her mouth wide, her face blushes then she falls ontop of the blue dressed woman.
	She claws her way forward and drinks milk like a baby. The red haired women gives her a kiss, some of the milk drips between them. The blue girl awakes and sees a big man with an enormous pecker sucking her tits, his cock drives into her, her legs try to shut and she has an erogenous climax squirting her juices everywhere before falling back asleep.
	Red licks the cum from her fingers and thinks.

Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Ch1, part 4
Fucked {{
By the time the snoozing dancer becomes alert, the girl he wanted more of is gone, so he ventures on. At once, he runs into another woman with fiery red hair who might have been waiting, this one is clearly fit, physically toned. She's fully clothed and seems to be eating something. He's hungry, so he asks, can I have some?
	"Why, yes, you may. But you have to do something for me in return. What might that be. Oh... You'll find out." He eats a little dried meat and they walk on, they reach a strange altar of a girl, with candles on her body. The red haired babe rearranges them, which opens a gateway. Before he can enter, the girl stops him. "Now, I want it now."
	She pushes him against the wall and kisses, groping his cock. It feels raw but again swells, fully erect for her pleasure. She gives it a lick, looking up at his face. Then she turns and presses her back against him forcefully. He closes his eyes and reaches down to pull up her skirt but realises she's wearing a belt. "You have to lean forward." _ "I know. she mutters and pulls down her pants."
	Bending forward, she's not wearing panties.  She says nothing and reaches back to grip his shaft, a swollen red prick he can't hide, and doesn't care to. He briefly considers she might leave him even if he confesses to love. Their bodies were similarly built. But the thought exits his mind as he feels the sensation once again, vaginal intercourse, it burrows straight into his mind. I'm having intercourse for a third time in one day, every time with an astounding beauty. His horniness completely out of the zone now, he thinks he hears her moaning a little already and he's breathing hard, his stiff cock spurting prematurely all over. "That's a lot to handle, I'm not sure I'll manage." Red mutters.
	A little sweaty because she's holding such a difficult position, the red beauty begins moving back and forth, with little regard of gravity resistance, wet juices splatter out from where they touch. She flexes and bends and twists. AAh she shutters and tightens around him. The tightness doesn't subside and she moves even more vigorously. He starts shoving her forward and tries leaning back a bit to make it easier as he continues to cum effortlessly. But while accepting his help the woman furiously tries to feel even more. Soon he's sitting against the floor with his back on the wall. She's in a full squat, thrusting, and her grip is so intense he suddenly feels like he can't cum, it's a little tiring even for him and he's just staring at her ass undulating in front of him. Looking up now he sees she's been looking for his responses the whole time.
	"Pace yourself" he says. "Shut up" she returns... This of course makes him fight back, he pulls her shirt up and he manages to force her to change to easier positions. She never quite slows down however. Adrenaline saps into the dancer boy, and he starts raging. His cock bulges and sweat splatters from the two of them.  Pretty soon he has her in a docile position, the girl underneath, lifting nearly his entire weight to keep the motion up, he pushes back against her before she's ready and forces even more strength to be used. Cum splatters out of her, the boy's cum, it spreads over her face, over her ass. Her small tits. She squeals and covers her naked body, this doesn't stop though, the dancer boy is too enraged, he wants her to beg for mercy.
	Somehow mustering up a final powerful orgasm for both of them the dancer thrusts in, his cum fills her and oozes out.  Her eyes widen with surprise, he pulls out and it goes across her body. He turns her over, pounding that pussy some more, she gets into a downward dog position and lets him, each press inward rocks her world and each pull out makes her breathe for air, and hard, the next push in sends it all out.
	With some self relied strength, the girl reaches back and grabs the fiend and pulls him down for a kiss.  His dick slips out and she stands up. The mood seems to be dead.

Barely Sensible {{
	This girl should be broken, but she says 'we should get out of here.'  Finally someone talking some sense, the boy wipes the cum off her face and they progress on into the dungeon.
	After reaching a laughing statue again the dancer scratches his head. "I don't get it."
	"Oh, you need to..." The red haired girl grabs his cock and sucks on it.
	"Aaahhh!" He's Shocked at her repeated tenaciousness. It's time for another private party.
	"Here, put it here." Red rider says.
	"What? I don't know."
	"You need to fuck here-"
	"Umm-"
	"Trust me, it's the only way out."
	"Ohh, Kay?!" The serviced dick slides into the backside of the laughing girl statue. He grunts and ejaculates. Red looks at him disapprovingly. "You took it out before I had a chance earlier.  It was gonna come."
	Red sighs and points at him, then laughs, a mock imitation of the statue. A trapdoor opens dropping them to the floor below. Our dancer's dagger falls to the floor and Red picks it up. "ooh... what's this for? were you going to rape me?" She blushes, the mood has returned? "I'm raping you instead."
	A trio of women emerge nearby.  A strange scene, a girl is holding her dagger to a sexy boy. They approach. Red rider points the dagger toward them.
	"Go over there," she points at one girl, a priestess, and she's looking relieved, for a moment. "all of you." she looks at the boy menacingly.
	Three girls, two clothed in shabby garments, and one priestess have their pussies on display. The rules were simple, each girl took the cock this man has as Red saw fit. If R. doesn't get her way, she suggested the knife would be a method of punishment.
	Girl A, she takes the cock and enjoys, she loves it. She was wet, expecting it. She purses her lips and wriggles. Cum drips down her thigh before Red says stop, and the girl refuses.  Red cuts her shirt open spilling out bouncy tits. Another splurt of cum ejects into her when she screams in shock. Exciting, frightening. Red takes the cock out of her. "No, it's mine still." Red sticks the knife close to her pussy. "Don't! I yield." She puts her face down, subservient, the knife glints not an inch away from her tender loins.
	"Next!" Girl B, she's quiet, too quiet. The dancer cums inside her. B frowns. Red grins and make them keep going. Semen spreads around in her cunt, and she neither resists nor enjoys. Red gives up, and says stop.
	Attention draws to the priest, who happens to be casting a spell. "Wait!" Red screams as a snake twists up her leg and penetrates her ass. Snakes also penetrate Girl A and Girl B. The priest stands up, looking at the boy.  Who was not targeted by the spell.
	"I will return your energies. Please be more careful who you travel with." She chants a brief incantation and the dancer can feel his physical strain disappear, his bruises regenerate and it's like he never fell. No longer a horny sexual deviant. His mind recovers as well, and he stands there stunned in awe.
	Red broke free of the strange holding spell.  So did the other two girls, they all pounce on the priest and hold her down. Red begins cutting away at her clothes and begins sliding the dagger into the sheath that is a beautiful priestess. "WAIT!" The only man exclaims. The girls move aside, recognizing his authority, but evil looks are on their faces. Red tucks the knife in her belt and nods.
	"It's ok." The dancer says, he leans over and kisses the priestess, passionately. He moves slowly, fondling her. He feels her moistness and suddenly realises after his rejuvination, he can pleasure her without causing harm. 
	"I haven't" 
	He understood but his lust grew quickly, he could feel an adrenaline buoy rising, he knew he could take control here.
	The dancer leans in for another kiss and he presses deep inside the priestess. She has an orgasm, the broken virginity spills at his penetration. He thrusts and passionately kisses her face.  She cums and cums and cums and cums... she keeps spilling her lust out. She's a total powder keg, watery fluids emanate out from her.
	The other girls look sad. The priestess whispers something to the dancer. He cums inside of her cunt and she gives a frightful look and rolls her head back, her chest looks amazing. Hold on, he has to remember what she said.
	"I have learned that the colors of power shine brightest in those who follow a path among gods, I follow the one true god. But these three women are a lively pink."
	A shock of clarity reaches the boy, pink. He turns and sees it now, the red hair, the red clothes. The muscular build, the veracity, dexterity. He loves that thought, and cums in the priestess again. He holds out the object he got from the first statue and his strength returns.
	"Drop the knife, I'll pleasure you, Red. Who ever you are. If you don't you'll never feel a human cock again."
	The three girls look shocked, the knife is tossed aside.  He enjoys fucking each one a great deal, but Girl B is a little standoffish.  The priestess casts a spell which summons demonic tentacles, and binds the three girls. Tentacles snake through their bodies. The amount of cum which is shot into every one from the one man is extraordinary.  Their intestines are wrenched by the tentacles which soon flow out of their mouths after travelling up from their anus.
	The two unknowns are worn out, their hair matted down. Laying on the floor.  Each one given a three course pleasuring.
	Red groggily looks up as the dancer walks away with her in his arms. The priestess creates a rope which binds the two who were with her. A great wave of purifying light washes down on them and all three vanish.

Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Ch1, part 5
Came Louder {{

	They reach a chamber with a tired beast of unearthly proportions. Dancer places Red on the floor at the entryway. Two dainty girls standing guard shout "stop, who's there?" and their enticing voices make the bukkake god reach out and fuck them, HARD.  Incredible amounts of cum fly everywhere before the dicks are even inside of them.  Dancer boy feels a shock of intuition and turns around to run.
	Pink Dread has crept up behind them, and she walks forward, deep tongue kissing the red rider and molesting her lower region. She creeps back and vanishes.
	Dancing boy looks up and sees the two girls fucking the bukkake god willingly. He gets a little closer as his senses fail him, he has an erection at the sight. The red rider comes up behind him and bushwhacks him, squeezing his ballsack. Knocking him down for a moment, the pleasure mixed with pain can't be denied.
	The bukkake god grabs red in that instant. He has a sexy feast, a very fine feast indeed. Every time the god comes the creamy juices fly out of her, and he comes in every hole, with his primary phallus and deep tongue kissing while cumming inside her.  She quivers and subsides on his many cocks, knocked out, he places her behind him with her asshole and pussy exposed, many tentacles covering her front while she lay face down in the mass of slimy limbs, no doubt giving external fellatio, being fed his cum, and giving him pleasure in return.
	The dancer wakes and stumbles back where he came, he encounters a great number of fit women who push him down and try taking advantage of him. Somehow his penis can take it all. He falls into a trance and begins fighting back, his jizzum covers them all, leaving them in lust. They each give him blowjobs. Somehow his dick is still so sensitive, and his sperm loads are huge, no matter how many girls went in at the same time there was a surprise for each of them.
	They follow him back and freeze when they see the bukkake god. He wanders around the god into a backdoor. The bukkake god grabs them all with his tentacles and is entertained by these fit beautiful sluts who struggle to escape. Taking him in their pussies, and after he's done fucking each one, they're placed in one of his folds, which houses many writhing tentacles, the same way Red was subdued. The god does not stop, he takes time to pleasure the two pretty guardians of his nest, and they remain free.
	With the greatest finality, the boy with the surprisingly energetic hardon is caught by Dread Witch in the deepest chamber with a statue of a masturbating woman. Dread had sneaked past while her servants were getting pounded and squealing. "you should have gone home and fucked your old masters" she says.  The boy doesn't think she said that and her next action seems out of place. She gives the boy a lapdance and steps back as he ejaculates, clearly deciding his fate. "Very well, you shall succumb to my pleasure." She says while stroking one of her small perky breasts. 
	Dread's armor is whipped away momentarily and she sits on his cock, making him shout and spasm. After a brief moment of magical earth-shattering glory, to the dancer's dismay, she stands up and the armor is back on, covering her. The boy is drained of all fluids, so he collapses and smolders against the statue, out of breath. He can't feel his body. An unsatisfied look is on Dread's face.
