
Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Ch2, part 1
scene six; after having read



Mid Chapter Depression {{
The main character turns the pages. The things he reads pressing him on to see what is next, each one kinkier than the last. The sense of a different world around him sinking in. He can barely keep going, his efforts draining him of his willpower, his eyes grew heavier.
	Some candles light up on a statue of a naked girl revealing herself. The protagonist has a glinting insight into the true dankness of the world around him. His attraction to the stone carving apparent, he inspects it closely.
	There are four candles, and they're arranged, stuck inside the naked woman.  One is protruding out her mouth, another out her anus, one from her vagina... the last one's between her breasts. Her eyes are closed and it looks like she is thinking really hard with eyebrows furrowed.
	There's a picture on a nearby shelf of a highschool girl being double-teamed with her arms bound by large men. A caption on the picture reads, "football team wins the championship."
	After noticing the picture he feels heat welling up between his legs.
	He looks closer. The highschool girl is wearing a sailor uniform. Her breasts are exposed and being fondled. The dick entering her ass is stretching her wide... The one entering her vagina is pushed in all the way to the base. There's some cum dripping from every hole...
	The protagonists erection springs to life and he imagines being in that photo.
	
	"Aaaah!" Fuck me more, Cindy says. A cock is immediately jammed into her mouth. A splurt of hot milk fills her. She says 'more, more' but it's more like grunts of pleasure and gurgling. The man penetrating her asshole slaps her butt, it is turning red.
	
	But this isn't really happening.
	The horny dreamer looks at the statue and removes the candle from the vagina. He puts the rest of the candles out and places his shirt over her head. "Do I know you?" He rubs his shaft with some lubricant, then he fucks the statue.  He sticks his dick deep into the petrified cunt and blows a load. His cum seeps out and there's a click, like someone is watching. His cum immediately drains out and he pulls out of the statue. He replaces the candles, but puts one remaining lit in her hand.
	Within a drawer he sees click open, there is the next chapter. The libido he's granted from reading each page is irresistible, and perhaps there could really be something in this about his missing aunt.
	
The schoolgirl {{
	The girl in he photo's name was not Cindy, nor was she a highschool girl. The men weren't even football players. The whole captioning and encounter was consensual, but the events that lead up to that point were uncommon at best.
	Long before Jessy became an audacious slut, she had the top grades of her class. She'd spend time reading at her public library. She had a lot of friends she spent time with.
	That all changed one day when she read a letter from the mail. It was extremely rude and stung her, she felt sore in her stomach while reading. But her compulsion was another nature.

	The letter read: "Greetings,
	I have written to you at great risk. You owe me. Wear a tie to the Suzy Syne park and don't be late."
	
	She got the tie.
	
	Someone walked in front of her after 20 minutes of waiting at the park and handed her a suit protector, it must have had something in it for her. He then walked away without a word of explanation.
	When she got home she opened the bag, in it was another letter and something she couldn't recognize was clothing.

	The letter once again read: "Dear slut, 
	Wear this. Or there will be consequences. Return same time same place." 
	
	She did as told and put the thing on, it was so weird because it chafed and pinched. Why was she doing this? She also wore normal clothes so it hurt less.
	She returns to the park and someone beckons her over to him. "What is all this about?" She says shyly.
	"The truth is I wanted to see you for a date. Are you wearing it?"
	"Yes." She then pulled the top of her turtleneck shirt lower, revealing a red collar. "Who are you anyway, Jake, Stan, Kyle, Dick...?"
	"What about the rest of it?" She responds with a nod, feeling uneasy after revealing she knew so many guys, stupid girl. "How do you feel?" She feels metal chains across her vulva, even with a bra underneath leather seams pinch her nipples, her buttox are being separated and her shoulders are squished a little. She thinks she understands, but doesn't respond other than looking down.
	He moves without hesitation. He grabs part of the seams at her back and yanks, tightening the entire suit around her. She squeaks from the air being forced out her lungs. Then as she remains out of breath he removes all her normal clothes.
	Her stomach is cinched, the chains and the leather tightening everywhere but her chest. Her breasts are practically exploding out of her bra anyway. The man whispers into her ear, "I want to fuck your brains out." It works just like a magic spell on her. "You aren't supposed to wear underwear with this sort of thing on."
	She remembers romance. Dirty thoughts. Masturbating. The chains are practically inside her when he positions her face down.
	He removes her bra, and it's a relief. He uses the collar to attach another chain holding her torso bent back. Her nipples have stiffened. There's a red mark on her back where the straps were. He turns her over so her front is revealed to him, then he lets out a little gasp of joy.
	He pulls down his pants and his penis is hard. The woman in front of him is incapable of moving, and he's about to be inside the honeypot of his dreams. He undoes some of the chains to reveal a glistening wet mound of pink. His cock is so close he can practically feel the perspiration, and his dick crying for entry.
	Jessy barely caught her breath after her bra was removed. Her arms felt heavy as lead and from this position, she thinks she can see the metal objects scraping her nipples. But the suit is now too tight, and she can't so much as look down to see her knees. She whines a little, then feels prodding.
	A round object is rubbing against her in place of the chains. She didn't notice before but doesn't she feel hot? The metal on her nipples isn't so painful. The soft round object thrusts into her as she finishes this last thought, and she feels it's actually hard as rock.
	She doesn't breathe out hard, but she flexes every muscle she can in an attempt to hide a powerful climax. Her first. She feels an indescribable drenching at the source of the pleasure. She sweats all over, and relaxes for a moment. Her next inhalation makes a piercing cry, and then her next breath out is a moan, and the climax continues. She breathes in and out loudly moaning and gasping, at some point she opens her mouth wide and coughs on her own saliva. She can't grasp the true form of the object inside her as it moves but she feels it's right, she was right to trust.
	The man took his sweet time pressing his thick head into Jessy. He made a bit of a mess before he managed to spread her lips. 
	He lifts her legs up and finally lets gravity do the work. His cock is squeezed tightly, and a gush of jetting fluid  runs out all over his shaft. It feels like he'll be forced out. He hears her catch her breath loudly, and she flexes around him, he can feel her pulling him in from the inside, it turns him on and he pushes in and out.
	The following day she is there wearing a sailor uniform performing oral with three men having their way with her. She got the picture in the mail, and keeps it in her study, a memory of her second, third, and fourth time, but most certainly sent by the first man to pleasure her.
	

Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Ch2, part 2
Seventh Scene; Third book chapter; A case of infidelity;

The Daring Letter {{
"Here you are, postage included. Be sure that none other than her eyes view the document contained within." A male cleric offers a plain envelope to a messenger.  The messenger is a girl wearing a tunic, strapped by a belt with a buckle and another buckle across her shoulder. Her legs are bare from her shoes up to a hemmed short skirt. She has a very thin build, and medium breasts. Her legs are very firm and they seem to be perfectly suited for long distance trekking.
	"Yes, mum, delivery service a hundred percent guaranteed. No errors or bumps. Not a lost message in years since my training ended two months ago."
	The clerics look at her like she's stupid. "See to it." They turn and slink away.
	After walking a few meters and the pair of clerics are around the corner she opens the letter. "'Dear. My love. My greatest treasure. I want to fuck your brains out.' Huh? This makes no sense, What kind of a sick-o is this guy?" Suddenly she is struck by a strange power and feels like she is going to urinate. "Unnh. hnn. uhhh! ah! ah!" She breathes and holds it in with her hands over her crotch. "This is some kind of a sick fuck. Devilry. I must find the person this letter is addressed to and warn her.. uhnn!? What's happening to my body???" [Loves it]

Painful Sort {{
The messenger has arrived but can not deliver her warning to the female magistrate. She must instead find a way in by her own means. She travels up a staircase and is teleported to a strange plane of sensual treasures.
	There is a statue of a beautiful boy, she leans in toward it's loins, clearly seeing the indentation of its cock. She almost kissed it and leans away. There's another statue, this one less proud looking. A girl with a downcast face, her hair crumbles past her shoulders. An ugly looking sharpened rod is sticking out of her vagina, what little clothing she wore seemed to be pulled away revealing her flesh exterior in the most sexual manner. At the end of this strange ether-worldly corridor is a book, the book is dripping wet, and it opens as she gets closer. The messenger reaches forward and touches the book.
	A shockwave of impossible FACT binds her mind and body; she feels it, she smells it, momentarily she forgets what her name is. Then.
	She is returned to the real world, or, what she perceived was once real. The book in her arms, she is standing on the top floor of the building. "The key must be here somewhere."
	Looking around the back of a bookcase there's a group of men. They're leaning against the wall, it's hard to see their faces. One of them holds something out to her, it looks like a coin so she reaches to take it.  She brushes against one of them and she's caught on something. One of the men now positioned behind her is lifting her short short skirt. She resists and takes the coin, the man who handed it to her waves as she walks away holding her skirt down.
	It wasn't a coin, simply a strange rune. It disappears and the book glows, absorbing the power, she thinks. Maybe not so simple. Around the bookcase and in another corner of the room, a body. She grimaces and takes the blade out which is crudely made. It's actually a skeleton, she hits it with the sword as it seems to move and it falls down. Scared, she drops the sword and goes back to the men. They seemed like a nice group for some reason, that's what she thinks.
	"Um... you guys. Can you look at this for me..." Suddenly a shock of revulsion strikes, followed by euphoria. The messenger girl falls do her knees and covers her privates. She sweats lightly and blows out air sensually, her nipples protrude. She wets herself, and her eyes widen like a wild animal. The men reach to help her up. She feels like she's pissing herself. Smelly fluids drip down her leg, it's strong.  A light orgasm from the excitement.
	The men let go of her. She can't help making a provocative look while backing away. Oh, that man who grabbed her skirt before is standing behind, again. He saw a little more than the rest, her ass was wet.
	She bumps into him, now apprised of his will, he has a boner. Her wet ass rubs against his boner which he intentionally blocks her way with.  She lets out a little high pitched noise and drops her book. None of the men grab it, their faces are shadowy looking and she feels weak.
	Knowing she must pick up that book, the girl bends forward, and her panties are slid down to her knees instantly with one deft motion. Her back knots are unfastened. (The men have a talent, but not one for protecting young women) Her arms are held and her face is held down to a belt. The belt's owner reaches in and pulls the object through the front flap. He rubs it on her face, it feels like a knobby slippery rope getting stiffer. 
	Behind her a man unfastens his pants and begins rubbing it on her ass.
	"Ah! Ah!" the messenger girl shouts. The rear man slips in, rear access, with zero resistance.  The front man violates her mouth with a beastly force.  The third man waits then tells them to stop.  They do. But they don't pull out. They wait. He moves around where she can't see him. To her delight, and indignity he inserts his cock into the same hole as the other man behind her. They make her sit. The man enjoying fellation on her a moment ago loses his position.
	Shrugging. The man in front pulls up her shirt and begins rubbing his dick between and all over her breasts, and makes ludicrous faces, to her horror or is it horniness? How odd. She can see his pleasure each thrust, and each spot she's poked throbs.  
	They all cum, at different times, and pull out of her. First one quickly pulls out of her anus and enters her vagina, then one under her shirt and she can feel it slick her shoulder, then the last also pulls out just to grind the last drop in her vadge. They stand up and return to their positions. "Thanks, harlot, we were all thinking the same thing."
	"D...D... Dooon't mention it. Please, forget it." The suddenly beautiful girl says. But there's something... something missing. Didn't she just cum?
	"Hey I wanted to give you this." The big man who joined in dp'ing her says..
	"Yeah I noticed you had something to give me. You all did, my lords. Please give it to me again." 
	He sneers and tosses a gold disk at her, she thinks it's some stupid trinket or bribe like the last thing. Turns out it's a circle bearing cross cutting marks and strange symbols, the Tome which she retrieves absorbs it.
	Oh, she reflects, she didn't get a chance to cum.  But at least she has some remaining dignity, she pulls the panties back up crooked, liquid still exiting her holes, it wouldn't do much good to block it. She never wants to see them again.
	The men have a pretty sad look on their face, "Dude she was all over the floor," The panty grabber argued, "look she left a stain, we did her a favor.  That girl was all over it. Man I even had felt your dick, that's not a shabby trick."  They nod. "What was that crap you kept handing her?"
	"Eh, nothing."
Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Ch2, part ?

Painful Erotic Sort {{
The beautiful, blushing, erotic beauty regained composure, for just one moment. The next thing that happens will surely break her.
	A man, seeming so tender was standing in her way. A look in his eyes told tales words can't describe. The power this man had over her was absolute, instantaneously. His erection beckoned, it was huge. 
	I can give myself to him. This was her solitary thought. 
	She walks right up to him, and she smiles. Turning, she flips up her skirt, revealing her bare ass once more. He seemed to smile back. It was hypnotic. His balls are blue, she thinks, the poor thing can't talk.
	She gets on her knees. She crawls right over to him. She looks up expecting him to transform into a lewd creature. His erection looks painful! Without hesitation she shoves her own face down around his cock.
	She grabs his butt, and feels his soft slender body. She sticks out her tongue and licks the tip of his cock. She feels hot, and repeats this several times, then slides her tongue down the shaft so that her mouth wraps all the way around. She tastes some of his cum.
	A force she can't describe seems to be pushing her head down around this cock. Invisible strings wraps around her wrists, and her arms are abound. The man is sweating heavily. It's like he's exerting himself to no end while given head.
	The kinky messenger is at the mercy of invisible strings. It feels like a collar is fastened around her neck. She can't move her arms or her legs, her only focus is on the man, a sense she's in control sustaining her.
	It feels like she's being probed. Felt up, and it tickles her belly, it tickles her ears. Her clit is struck hard and she blurts a gurgling shriek in surprise.
	She wants to escape with this mundane world with the handsome creature and fuck forever in a soft hidden meadow. What she does is she shoves her face down, his fully erect penis was not small by any means, but she wanted to feel him down deep inside her every orifice.
	A snake-like object thrust into her open clit. Others nip and toy with her nipples.
	The erotic curse on her takes hold, and although she can no longer breathe she fits his entire shaft down her throat. Her body convulses in orgasm, a wicked pleasure crossing her face. Then so does his. The cum pours out down her chin, it fills her throat and belly. The snakes she thought were there all release sperm as well, and every hole is filled.
	
	The woman leans back and feels her belly, which is swollen. She licks her lips. The man is asleep.

Message Delivered {{
	She makes her way into a private chamber of a noble woman. "Milady" she croons erotically. "I need to warn you of a sick pervert."
	She's too late. The woman is there, bound in chains. Her pussy and ass are gushing cum. Her eyes are covered. She's breathing harshly. She's limp and still being brutally fucked by an abomination of ripping proportions.
	The messenger collapses, she plays with her clit, orgasm after orgasm, she can't stop. Her body oozes sweet fluids.
	The monster is translucent. It has the shape of a hulking brutish man, covered in tentacles.
	Powerless and rapt in ecstasy from the curse, the messenger is played with and enveloped in tendrils along with the other woman. Together they're forced to endure tremendous ejaculations, they're consumed whole, fucked by his insides, then they're spit back out. The monster's power overwhelms the senses and the cursed woman performs acts of sex on it as it desires. 
	The tortured victim who was in the room before never stops fearing the beast's hideous form, she screams as tentacles enter her every orifice. The massive erections which enter her from behind make her scream in painful orgasm. Every ejaculation between them knocks her out. 
	A second girl has entered the fray and although blindfold. The girl sounds like a lunatic who enjoys the torment.
	Pretty soon the messenger is smiling and performing loving acts on this thing. The tortured woman hits her to try and recover her senses as they're occasionally forced together. The only will remaining in either of them is to do as the beast demands. Soon they're fighting over who is allowed to pleasure it next. Sometimes their arms are bound, and one fights with her tongue while the other shrieks in fright and forces her head down over a foot long cock. Sometimes they're tied up, gagged, the chains are reused over and over to hold their bodies in positions they can't stand.
	
	They sleep on top of the monster, their pussies ready for pleasure every moment. They are eternally bound on the whim of its many dicks, and cannot escape the room.
End of chapter 2
	






