Useful Game Notes:
Flesh bone bound together with the oddest magicl incantation
Slicers - they dig into victims and take control
Make sure our protagonist finds a lot of secret passages
first weapon encountered is a gladius
Knowledge hits hard, then you read the tome out of interest
See those who dwell behind, I have learned the frailty of flesh and bone

dark green emerald, effigy resembling a warped angel
pale blue statuette, a delicate dome
a strange sculpture, red-clawed worm
They corrupt before the person even touches it. "eons have passed" With the powers of () I can () face me and you shall surely perish




Tome of Internal Dankness [awesomness; dampness] (eternal darkness spoof)
pink >g (dark/red strength) - vaginal intercourse, strength, vitality - aligned have stronger orgasms and powerful members, strong wills and breaking bonds, sex is a battle to them
blue >p (halftone/blue magick) - anus, temptation, pheromone - aligned are sensitive to all touch and highly orgasmic, encounters are random and their penetration seems to fold reality as they achieve single, double, triple penetration without asking/trying and never stop cumming
green >b (light/yellow hornyness) - lips, seduction,lust - aligned are sex fiends, and can give pleasure which sears mending emotional scars and instills unending passion, they rarely achieve orgasm but come closer the longer their prey hold out
black (black/purple) - cum (smegma), futanari, fetish - not aligned, but a powerful (purple)talisman exists that will enhance these characteristics once the tome contains its secrets.  It was secreted away through the power of the other 3 so they could rule.  Bukkake cum, dick girls, and many fetishes are easily occurring through this power.

About the gods; pink is male; blue female; green female; black male
Ideas for their seperate defeats:
	pink vs blue, pink fucks hard and fast and blue just takes it with every hole, not quite cumming but enjoying the feeling, eventually pink comes much much harder, and doesn't stop until he's worn out.  Blue turns the tide and mounts, pumping energy out of him like cum was a second ago.  Her ass seduces him and makes every last inch of his body stiffen and twitch until he goes for broke and sticks it in her backdoor.
	blue vs green, easily seduced blue tries her best to give green an orgasmic defeat, failing miserably.  Green stands proudly as blue recovers strength and shoves her talented etheral tentacles throughout blue's body until she cums so hard she faints. In a following scene blue might be bound with green giving her all she has and glowing green eyes seducing her into lusty madness until juice is squiring from every oriphace blue has, their mouths entwined and breasts dancing wildly.
	green vs pink, pink mounts green immedately. Allowing him to become enwrapped in her beauty green makes orally suggestive attacks, but red's powerful sex drives overrides her emotional consent and he thrusts with all is might, vigor raising.  Sending shockwaves of unexpected orgasmic lust through her, she breaks free momentarily to service him, but his serpentine tongue acts as another phallus and she is fucked from both ends, cum oozing out in torrents giving her pleasure beyond belief to her dismay.

About the Tome, the tome of internal dankness is carried through the ages instilling knowledge to all who encounter it.  This effects their sexuality to a degree and slowly the pleasures imparted through which are discovered.  The wielder of the Tome can visually identify the alignments and feel the affects taking place during their encounter as they struggle to stay in control, failing to do so brings their downfall and the Tome is lost for another generation to discover.

About the Mechanics, 
Health/stamina starts full and decreases through sexual release or punishment.  The amount of health present in the human world is only a slight variable, but each orgasm is treated to the same amount of stamina, decreasing strength until it is recovered.
Magick/sensual action remains empty until gained through interaction and pleasure. The gain from magick increases physical labor on others who advance and can be used to summon or cast mantras, magick slowly decreases over time but can be used as spur of the moment enhancement.
Hornyness is empty yet fills through the power of suggestion, decreasing one's will to resist sexual advances, a filling hornyness meter will cause someone to be subject to lustful thoughts and action, once full the advancer has complete control and added hornyness greatly increases magick gaining speed.




(the precession of flesh and bone)
Intro : Our protagonist is a beautiful young boy.  The boy's father was fucked to death, pleasurably
(prelude)


(the chosen one) [Tome is unhelpful and causes trouble]
(The eternal darkness) Antagonist revealed, During ancient times girl finds tome, friends are noticeably different so suddenly, girl on girl action. Tome finder fights valiantly and discovers her ultimate dominance over the others, bukkake scenes ensue while she wades through scores of faceless men, then she sacrifices her body and immortal soul to become the ultimate sex after fucking herself.  Her friends become aligned to her power temporarily where they have an orgy and she absorbs them one by one.

(the binding of the corpse god) First processor, Very weak. The first zombie encountered was the weakling alignment. Second is the counter alignment. Third is two stronger ones.  dancing boy whacks off to Tome but finds little joy in it.  Boy is stalked through the streets, offered a coin for a pvt dance and gets a sexy feast, boy is witnessed at every turn until he can't take it any more.  Boy walks into a brothel to get laid and what awaits him is the previously aligned who entice him in whichever way they prefer and pleasure him this way he can not resist.  The boy is lost but the knowledge remains.
(chaose entombed)
(death of a dancing girl) You will succum to the horrors of oblivion 
(the absent horror)


(suspicions of conspiracy) Robed clerics give messenger a cursed document.
The messenger girl ventures to and she finds the tome of dankness in a strange etherworldy corridor. He discovers the weak alignment rune/talisman in a room with beautiful men. Then discovers a ???body??? and recieves Scramasax sword. Curse hits once, he finds circle of power 3 pointed. Magickal rune in room with 3 weaker alignments. The bukkake skeletons await in a room with someone holding the two edged sword. discovers the magickal spell that enchants objects.  Curse strikes again. Girl encounters 2 current alignment skels with a robed evil wom/man.  Falling to a trapper soon after.  Let's say for argument that the uncalled for rape of a female priest takes place, done by skeletons sending the horniness meter skywards. curse strikes again, a horror awaits of current alignment, the room blocked off. [the effect of the curse is she sweats and oozes lovely fluid]
( a conspiracy revealed) Messenger has failed, bonethiefs reveal themselves.


(The gift of forever)
(The shadow of corruption)An obiedient ninja girl seeks out her boyfriend's sought after object, recieving the tome almost immediately she encounters hostile / horny creatures and defeats them all through sheer perseverence including 4 throaters of the weaker alignment.  happening on a twin weapon of her choice a bonethief appears. A horror awaits of weaker alignment. Ram Dao broadswords awaits within a room containing many very kinky bukkake. and a few strong ones with bone thiefs inside. The final encounter are hordes of horny zombies trapping you within a room and a final horror who was projecting the barrier.  Once arrived the boy awaits her, where as it turns out he was not patient and had sex with another girl who killed him.  She forgives him after a moment of disappointment and he alters her into a spiritual form through a gesture of passion, they await another, having sex with eachother until the end of time if it need be, but it's a lot more like he's raping her anyway.
(the preparations begin)


(the lurking horror)
The grandfather, Seventh: yet another woman, her female servants are acting erratic and paranoid.   One arrives to his chambers with a note, on the note it says do what you want to me.  It turns out she is not aligned, but after fucking her into a lovely fit he lets up and she sleeps. He seeks through the house and discovers the Tome. Monstrocities have decended upon his home and the girls are being sexed left and right.  After finding a letter which inflicts hormonal potency.  He loses hope and falls into a dimensional plane where a talisman awaits him within the breast of a goddess/horror.  He retrieves this and it turns out to be the counter power.  Using this he ventures deep beneath his home to discover a city of nymphos.  A nympho greets him and he is truely amazing in her craft, she barely makes it out.
(insanity prevails)
On an offside note, this part o fthe game autopsies are an option instead of the usual sanity regaining finishing moves.  No wonder the guy went psycho.

(corrosion of the dead god) ultimate is called warlock


( A journey into darkness)
encounter, another boy, maybe this one is a little more ambitious and an angelic girl appears immediately when he finds ultigirl had entrapped him, seducing him in their special way.  The boy escapes after having sex with her equally, and it is discovered this is the way.  But others await and they use the weaker align to boldster their power over the boy, the boy narrowly declares victory over the duet, and 
( In the hands of kali) Ultimate girl takes a hit, ultimate girl is blown away by the bukkake god with his monstrous sexual techniques. He fills her with so much cum she has to spill it all and run.
[this is the point in the game where you can find mantaurak's sigil/rune/talisman, which can only be obtained through the use of a trapper summons]


Fourth: a girl again finally.  She is a prostitute, and has had much experience fucking all 3 kinds of clients, the Tome's power emboldens her to seek and recieve instead of simply allotting sex.  She discovers the current power's totem and awkwardly fucks another girl of the same level of power, only to be seduced finally when a lover arrives with amazing otherworldly powerful alignment skills.

(Daughter of light)

(the black guardian)Something is conjured to protect the counter totem.

(Heresy)
(a murder)The self righteous Encounter: A girl wearing monk robes discovers a rape victim, 2 other monkish characters name her the first suspect, and they must check the victim for "devilry."  The girl is locked in a room where she finds beads, she starts rolling them around on her body until another girl opens the door.
(Light within the darkness)
The custodian girl is there to save her from a cruel end.  The monk girl decides to accept and is betowed with the tome of internal dankness.
(Conversation in the Bell Tower)
(suspicians confirmed)
(heresy revealed)
(the black guardian's lair) this something is a monstrocity so ferocious she is paralyzed and gladly raped until all fluids are purged and mingled.


(flesh for the pillar) So you see me in my true form, you are a gifted _ and will be given a special place as the foundation.
(the forbidden city) -forced to use architetural and engineering skills to contruct a monument. "Survey the site quickly dog, and maybe you will live long enough to see the sacrement's construction. Did you think we would trust you?"
(Guardian of the Temple)Somewhat a practicality encounter, a girl seeks through gathering data until she is forced on by strange creatures, each type of zombie, and a spell casting winged creature; two horrors await aligned and its weakness.  She must travel a corridor of damage floor twice to enter and leave  A huge chamber with worms making sanity attacks, another girl is inside there. You are forced to summon a zombie to open a gate.  Eventually she finds a totem where another girl is waiting and is forced on once again by her and a spirit body a beautiful man, she returns to the surface only for this strange ultimate girl to toy with her questionable virginity and drop her to her doom while cumming.  The ultimate is of course the first encounter mentioned wearing a mask, undeniably the antagonist by now.
(A monument for all time)
Seeker: "the fooundations are infested, demons devils, many lives will be lost if you build there" UltiGirl: "mm you have done well. silence dog... what dwells beneath is exactly for the reason it was constructed, you will do well to understand." "i am the scourge of god, he speaks throwing man and woman over into the pillar of flesh.  until finally the surveyer is tossed as well topping off the foundation.

(binding the black guardian) - the summoned monstrocity' grows hungrier
(a war to end all wars)Sixth: another girl, a journalist on the front lines, one of higher calibur by far arrives at this same location years later.  Ravaged by war and hardship, happening upon the tome gives him a view he never knew.  He takes the lead and fucks countless beautiful (bone stealers), (you discover the 8 point circle of power here) until finally discovering the familiar erotic dooming grounds of the previous.
(food for the beast) Her heart skips a beat and he ventures in, the faccimilie she believed false turnes to be true and this beast awaits her.  She fucks him/her, but she fucks back, it is an epic feat, a magical blue potion of fertility allowes her five amazing comebacks.  When she/he finally subsides in orgasms too tired to move, beaten by the magical attack. she carries her off after taking the totem.
(Memories that haunt) 69 years later [the counter guardian's totem]

(unknown) the main protagonist has a vision, and discovers the basement key

(dark servants)  The nymphos are under the house, one is told to fuck the master of the house to death or else fear the wrath of whomever.

(A legacy of darkness)
(Echo of the past)
The Protagonist's Parent there's a soul sucking demon, and a totem of its diety, there are numerous indentured servants in his mansion. red guardians are gigantic. you face numberous nymphos.  A giant worm pops out of nowhere to molest said character and they take a swig of liquid "less horny" to escape it.
City of nymphos he somehow defeats the whole lot of them, possibly by forcing the counter power into a mechanical channeler which sends them into sexual frenzy, fucking eachother to death.
(death comes to us all) - Watching the terrible end of them all.  48 years later the nympho who was sent appears to him and fucks him to death.
(A vision of victory)   The diety mentions of a vision where they do their duely against the helpless weaker diety.

protagonis finds a note mentioning latex/ lubricant in the basement.

(maximillian's dark duty) we are reminded of the grandfather who went about the house fucking his maids, so they could never heed the call of the darkness.  another note from the rapist describes something peculiar he/she saw.


(A storm rises) again ultigirl, a storm approaches, a storm of metal and fire a torrent of souls, young and vibrant.  with this sacrifice of souls great one i take unto thee to be ready, the gate will soon be open and your freedom.

protagoins reads letter mentioning "black hear of Mantorok" claw of chattur'gha" sigil of xel'lotath" veil of Ulyaoth"


(ashes to ashes) - you recieve the weaker totem here and are told to take it to the ruins of the nympho city. along with two effigy.

a girl (low green meter, low blue meter, high red, armed and dangerous enters the original location of the Tome, where countless sexual slaves have fallen, and encased in preserving material remaining in states of arousal and orgasm. [lots of winged creatures, lots of horrors]  The horror and arousal filling this urban warrior makes her quest through, fucking countless gods and goddesses, occasionally blasting her way through creatures that only want her to cum and feed their sick instincts to impregnate her.  Eventually two horrors of the same aliegence are forced to kill eachother, she picks up plastique and.
(back to civilization) - they meed the parent of the protagonist to get rid of the weaker totem

The finisher:  Our original protagonist who has been reading through this whole time is now encumbered with the knowledge of her destiny.  Well provided with talisman and tools and totems, she proceeds into the city her father irradicated and discovers other lurking horrors await.
  
  She doesn't waste much time fucking and eventually forces a battle between the current power and the counter power.  The immortal awaits, where they have a final festive battle, the immortal never having had vaginal sex is at disadvantage when she loses her dildo, the protagonist being incredibly horny ends the fight when the immortal has an earth shattering orgasm as her weak area is exploited, and the fallen souls decend upon her.
(gateway to destiny)
(the darkness comes) - guardian of power is summoned
(the ancients clash)
	chattur'gha's Maw
	The grip of insanity
	The power of the planes

FAILURE (The eternal darkness prevails)
Success (The darkness vanquished)
Epilogue (beyond the veil, things aren't as they seem) - our cum god festers in its victory (there should be a 4th encounter where the bukkake god prevails and is defeated by ultigirl)



4 zombie - trapper - Bonethief (the sanity thief has no head) - Horror red has 3 heads][]green has 3 huge eyes[ blue has 3 heads no eyes- Guardian(nymhphos) The different alignments never cooperate.

(now i'm deciding on the 4 beasts: one doing vadge a muscular giant of sorts, one doing mouth&throat can be a long slimy tentacle who enwraptures your body, one doing ass who teleports you beyond the veil to the trapper dimension (and healing pools), and one more that just cums head to toe in a sexual frenzy who looks human)
based on their alignment:
 pink - X vadge/penis with ball sack (very strong), dark - large - muscular: mouth/throat is a tentacle that grabs - ass, can be a tiny blob that forces itself, "bukkake" is a muscular man / slender woman
 blue - v/p is a grotesque cock pulsing fluid - mouth/throat is a smelly tentacle with pheremones pulsing from it - X ass, a slippery slimy jelly cock that pushes you into a dimension with a horror, " " is an explosive orgasmic morphous beast
 green - "v" is a vibrator - X mouth/throat is a lively tentacle that leaves a slimy trail and causes you to ooze in anticipation - ass is a blob with tiny feelers, " " is a mummy like faceless creature with /without breasts
 black - has only one () the dick girl / faceless bukkake man who wish for nothing than to cum then continue fucking you until they collapse.