FIRST IMPRESSION
First look, it appears cramped and much smaller than the lower floors. This is because along the walkable corridors there is a ceiling, there is only enough room to the sides that you'd need to press your body against someone else to let them pass.

There are lengthy corridors big enough for humans and side corridors for animals alike.  Windows can be found, inclined ramps going to different floors, and a few alcoves which appear to be for resting up to ten adult humans.

There are several locations only accessible to animals, many of these were carved at more recently by animals chewing it out.

The appearance of this structure suggests that when the angelic hominids first colonized, they designed this part of the building for more living space. There are five floors overall in this one district wrapped around like tubes.

Three lifts are set up around the center which allow a person or animal to bypass the district two area completely.  This makes it evident it's more for lounging.


WILDLIFE
Many flight gifted animals sleep and spend time in the center which has no floor, but many treetops from the lower district.  There are plenty of side-growths which extended from the lower floors over time, in which other animals may climb up.  It is mostly birds in the center which supports little weight.

On the sides and around the tube structures is the same variety of creatures you can find in district 1.

NATURAL RESOURCES
Columns of 'veins' straight through the center which run vertically. They carry nutrients to and from the roots up to an even higher tree above. The skeleton here is exceptionally hard and there is a naturally protective barrier of adamant wood surrounding it.

Energetic plants bud endlessly pollinating the ground below. Sweet sap oozes into rivulets designed in ancient times which you can drink from, if you can just find where.

There are a few alcoves that are full of vegetation, packed to the brim. From the ground point of view they appear to have been crammed and restocked without anyone there to stop it.