---Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Intro, part 1, Investigation

Our hero has traveled to a mansion in Malibu, Rhode Island. His aunt has been reported missing, which is a shame because her knobby tits and fit ass were a fine sight.

Police cruisers are parked outside the mansion. Inside the mansion library, bunny girls (maidservants) and policewomen are lounging around. A man with boyish charms and a very fit body enters. He is seduced and liquored up by various women who share his lap and hang over him fawning delectably. During some light conversation, someone makes an amusing suggestion he might have a weapon down his pants. The police hear that. He's surrounded and handcuffed, his pants are stripped. They touch his ass, it seems a bit much and everyone keeps glancing over now, a splendid erection! He has the only sausage in the house, the evidence dawns on him then, these girls must not have had some meat in a long time.

A young officer with small breasts wearing her hat gets down on all fours and starts tasting his weapon from the base of the shaft, occasionally pursing her lips and teasing the tip as if she was intent on blowing him, and then letting a smirk flare out while resuming licking the shaft. Fingers belonging to a commanding officer are pressed up his ass and his erection is rock solid, quite painful, it's like he could blow any moment. He grimaces as gloved fingers keep prodding. No matter how well the tiny sexy officer does her work he won't give a single dribble. Her face looks so affectionate, she really wants him to enjoy.

A bunny waitress who was serving drinks is bumped inside the circle. "This one." An anonymous officer says with a disdainful voice.

By accidentally becoming involved, the waitress' face flushes, clearly embarrassed. The girl shakes her head. She gets pushed on her hands and another officer performs a cavity search, first with glove, then with tongue. She bounces wildly in her cute bunny outfit from the pleasure of such vigorous sexual molestation. The crowd shifts, the stud and bunny are pushed together. They eagerly fuck when they're allowed to finally connect, the exhibition was beyond either's threshold. There's little time to enjoy it. The girl goes flush and orgasms quickly and is taken out of the circle, drained of energy and dazed, confused, with the feeling of a man still inside her.

Police women take their turns mounting the pronounced cock and this lucky guy finally cums inside the girl who blew him earlier, reciprocating her loving gaze. This woman was more prepared for pleasuring than receiving. She lets out a high pitched cry as his seed enters her, the hot load of his first ejaculation entering her. He had a long flight over, and the pent up stress seemed to exit him, straight into her. The girl was like a cake, her insides being coated by hot frosting one pump after the next.

It wasn't over yet. There were more waitresses who had contacted him. They're being felt up and violated in the background, and the only proper way to question them seems to be a male organ. So our man gets to cum in every last one, with some interrogation by the officer in charge. While doing so the not yet released bunnies are kept on full alert, prodded ruthlessly, held in awkward positions. Out of their element without the cock, they are servants, sometimes pleasure for a man's eye in this place, not mere toys. What can they do? The girls he cums into are all happy to serve him. He was a descendent of their previous employer. They all take it professionally, not disliking the sensation when an object is pressed in, their happy thoughts are private. Being felt up by police women seemed too invasive, they believed they would really get arrested. Some of them start crying or they're put in handcuffs.

The boy wants to take control and grope some girls too. This is some charade after all. This whole time his arms are to remain behind his back handcuffed and that officer twisting his arm must be a real bitch. "You bitch", oops, he shouldn't have let that slip. The bitch pushes him down and inject him with serum. His erection never stops now. Profanity and dirty words escape him unable to refuse absolute his desire every time.

"Will you have my baby" he says to a beautiful shaven pussy, not even looking at the girl's face. She pulls away while he's cumming and his load coats the backside of such a fine lady, the stream pools and slips off her sides as she sensually swerves her beautiful pussy. Her ass is just a clean shaven spot, unused. A final glob of hot white cream pours onto her exposed genitals.

"I want to feel those tits" a girl unbuttoned her top, and in response to his professed desire her boobs slip around and massage him to climax. When he cums she slips forward, it spreads over her neck, under her chin.

"Oh god you look like a real fuckable toy" a short bunny girl is forced on him, he makes cute little faces, seeming to forget they're all adults. She blushes when his cum squirts over her privates and gets very excited letting out a squeal at the feeling of it.

"Ooh that's good" being serviced by two or three women at once, multiple times. They give him a good view of his hard dick while looking him straight in the eyes. Their faces are drenched by cum, and they finish by placing their faces together, with his cock between them. Sometimes they kiss, just barely touching and then inserting the tip of his penis between them.

"If my hands were free I'd force it down further" the thought is so terrible, and the girl is so pretty, she bat her eyes and tries to hide her face. She keeps pumping his shaft until the stream of cum covers one side of her face. An officer helps her and pushes her face down in his crotch before the load finishes so it covers her thoroughly.


The cop he called a bitch gets a turn and he freaks out "fuck you!" She laughs and uncuffs him. He forces her face down on the floor. She has her ass propped up for some wild doggy style. He keeps pounding that officer's cunt, with her booty up in the air until he cums, his fingers go wherever they catch from her armpits, to her chest, he breasts feel small but soft. She likes the abuse notably, it was all planned out, until... after cumming in her mouth, over her face, ripping her clothes off, cumming in her pussy about three times, and needlessly fondling and screwing her ass with his fingers; the now exhausted woman is breathing hard, he pinches and fixates his gaze on her tits and he says "I'm thinking about biting these" then the drugged man collapses in a pile of worn out women.

One tries nudging him off. He grabs her and fucks her, biting her tits. The cute bunny girl in his arms, unable to fight, his penetrating cock sending shockwaves once more. Never having been abused so much this sensation makes her a total squeezebox of noises. He treats her just like that last officer and falls asleep while still mounted over, while inside her, his slimy internal cumshots not stopping. Her womb expands to uncomfortable limits. She crawls away, and before finally pulling his hard cock out he grabs her shoulders and forces her down for the last time, making her sensually flex her back, not terribly upset about the feeling by the end. Someone helps pull her away and the cum inside her spills. Her bunny outfit is all ripped and she can't walk straight, her ass is red from punishment his hand delivered.
    
Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Intro, part 2, Bukkake Nightmare

In a dark place, dick demons are penetrating innocent girls. Faceless creatures of burden and lust spurting semen over faces, chests, inside cunts, and licking assholes. Our hero looks down to see he too has become a demon with a massive cum oozing cock, the focus narrows to him the girls swarm over him and beg for rape, rape until they start screaming in lust from his orgasmic bile.

Tits, firm and erect. Tentacle ooze covers the faces and bodies of these girls. Some demons are drooling so much it looks like pudding coating them. These demons who drool fill the girls with this mystery porridge and put it inside them with their mouths.

Clothing is pulled off forcefully, torn, suits that are too tight get pulled tighter. Loose clothes let the tentacles in. Bras are stretched showing their breasts, and sometimes their nipples, panties are twisted revealing the nethers of each woman, bathing suits are licked over, gowns and dresses are being lifted revealing it all, they want it.

The demons put their dicks in, each girl utters a sound of rapture at this treatment and sometimes their eyes roll back. Demon dicks like noise, those without eyes. They abuse the girls more. Tendrils, many asses are gently stretched until full. A girl's mouth is acceptable as any other orifice to these tendrils, she's catching her breath and it's all part of the nature of sex. The juices flow, squirting, their clothes get dirty and slimy. Some girls are pressed together making it easier for the acts to continue. Their breasts are squeezed, their nipples are plucked and stretched and sucked at.

There is a lone man. He sees his cock is abnormal, ribbed, and protruding so far he can't hide it. His balls are slimy and shifting his weight he hears, and he feels them against his legs. A girl creeps up behind and kisses him. There's a very long tongue in his mouth and she falls back, the end of his tongue is knobby and clearly phallus shaped. He tries to help her up and she pulls him down to her. She has a very fine, tight hole, but it doesn't last long before giving in. His dick drills straight into her cunt, he can feel every twist of her insides.

He's making her squeal, she shudders, her breasts flop, her dress is already parted in ways that her whole body is visible. He sees her face when she tries to fight, for just a moment. He pulls out but then forces back in her wet squirting pussy. This girl is a beauty, but what he's doing is ruining her, he's become like the rest of the demons. She looks at him. His dick fills to the brim with climactic pressure and gushes the contents out. The contraction forces his abs to flex and he plunges deeply in, her face turns totally erotic. She spreads her arms out as if to stretch. He sucks at her generous chest, both nipples at once because he notices he's actually very big suddenly. His tongue can wrap itself around one of her breasts tightly and give it a good tug. He gradually slides out, his phallus still hard.

He looks up and other girls are advancing, the one he finished looking delirious. She falls away from his grip. Many of the oncoming girls latch their mouths to his cock, slurping the goop. Others work his ballsack, and the cum seeps straight through his flesh filling their mouths with spunk. Those who were late bend over and tempt him with sensual flesh mounds, both front, and back. He bends forward and penetrates the girls with his dick tongue, so even that stimulates them to no end.

Startled by something he looks under and sees a girl attempting to feel how his cock is against her. She's very fine, with wide hips, his dick not way too big a fit. So he grabs her shoulders and pulls, it stabs straight in, a little too deep for her so she holds her stomach as if to stop it from growing. She starts pumping herself over the shaft anyway. His orgasm wrecks her, truly, her stomach expanded and her reaction was surprising. She falls away pulling him out, the next girl taking her place. The ones who are being helped by his tongue dick look happy, and he's oozing cum out his mouth. He presses his face in and squirts several loads in each of their ass, his tongue helps open their orifices enough to let it slip in. Their bellies fill, it remains inside, the stuff begins streaming out their mouths in huge globs.

He gives other girls french kisses which fill their throats with his tongues, and his cum, he still thinks he's quite handsome to them, these new savory moments could be the best in his life. The girls enjoy it, they keep asking for more. Some are knocked out from the blasts of inhuman orgasms he has from his hips. He returns to the first girl, the one he drilled so roughly. She treats his tongue like a lover she needs to repay kissing it and sliding it down her cheek. He begins to return the affection with a light kiss and he deepthroats her out of reflex, cum straight out his mouth, she swallows, and while pulling out she grips his face with both hands sucking hard. She points at her pussy, definitely not mad at what he did earlier, and bends over for him to do it again. While advancing on that woman for the third time his cum drips out his mouth and dick, covering her, he thrusts inside this girl's vag. She's completely covered by semen, and now his body. A second dick appears right now, he drags it back slightly and it plants into her ass so he can force them both in at once. He does with nothing but the promise of pleasure. She opens her mouth wide to orgasm, soundless, cum is dripping down her face and hair, and going into her mouth, her tits white with pasty viscous slime. He pulls out and both his dicks are completely covered as well, but they're both still cumming.

Lively dick demons and floating dicks or tentacles continue to coitally harvest the women around him.

---Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Intro, part 3, Waking

A man wakes up and everyone's gone, this was for his aunt, so he thought. The police gave up all of a sudden? And where are the bunny girls? Where did all the sexy, ostentatious, nymphomaniac females frivolously flee while he was sleeping?

I'm going to the library, he thinks.

He finds a secret passage and an inner study. Sexually provocative statues and pictures are everywhere. A strange glowing book making moaning noises attracts him and plays with his mind with seductive thoughts, he opens the book feeling a chub grow, to the first chapter.

He thinks it'll be a real let-down if this doesn't turn out to be a diary of an ideal woman or even a black diary his aunt left involving her prostitution. She probably had her way with men and women alike, that damn hot freak.



---Chapter 1, Title: Desert Amazons, Dread Woman, Vixen Pie

---C1, Scene 1: Battle preparation

Girls are in bikini armor, otherwise, they're naked, oiled up brilliantly. They stand in a desert with bright sunlight, bronzing, their damp clits exposed. They have firm bodies, fit, very athletic, ideal for any man or woman to enjoy.

They whisper of men, their pleasure organs, how men get hard. What they dream of those men doing, how they should play with themselves to be prepared. The female warrior's ways to relieve themselves dull their senses, so they've abstained several weeks to begin teasing making their pussies wet. Playing with their emotions. These girls are warriors, not simple whores.


---C1, Scene 2: Operations

A dark-skinned girl clad in a sexy woven outfit greets another from behind. Their build is muscular, their assets are generous, well formed mounds. The dark girl explains her presence.

"There are not enough men to go around, we're running lower each day due to exhaustion by the heat. Soldiers end up fucking the men to death. Our decision is firm, we will take the men from the next town. The troops are allowed to fuck every last portly man to death immediately, which should satiate their desires. Saving the fittest men for rations as usual."

While speaking she pulls out the cruel wand, as her subordinates have named it, and rubs the smooth edge over the skin of who she speaks with, the cunt of her informant is dripping from the mental games and she can only mouth her disapproval through pouty lips. She's bent over a rock. The commander turns her wand around revealing a twisted cock end, a snaking leathery shaft, she penetrates and jams it in the black snatch of the informant. Drooling and jiggling the girl agrees ecstatically of the wonderful plan, and takes a nap after being finished off, her pussy reddened and sore from the punishment. Her mind will be clear for the journey ahead.

Shortly after the commander walks away. The commander has so many more mouths to feed before the day's end.

Her nipples get hard, a chill goes up her spine. She calls on more subordinates who eagerly follow her.

---C1, Scene 3: Glory Orgy

We see the last rationed man fall in front of an army of muscular, ripped women. His limp cock and his life drained all at once. A fierce female warrior stands above him. She points toward a distant encampment, then she proclaims loudly, "We must strike immediately. Subdue any bitches and rape their men blind!"

The Amazonian battalion forces their way through a really pathetic farming village. Women huddled in their houses, their men on defense, ready to fight. Some of them sneer when a horde of seldom dressed women show up before them. There's confusion about what they were supposed to do. The master in command arrives at the center of the field to greet them, he has the most delightful look on his face as a bare-chested envoy greets him, her breasts augmented by the best jewelry that the invading tribe could fashion.
    
The envoy is completely bare-chested with a crest of fancy gold and jewels framing her breasts. She has a fine glaze of honeyed and milky oil coating her skin, the smell is intoxicating.

She speaks, "I offer you myself and everyone you choose. Come into our camp, and we will pleasure you to no end."

After briefly speaking, the war chief gets a taste of her, courtesy of her offering. They get on his horse, his dick hard, and ride into the enemy ranks. He stops the horse briefly and points out a couple of tall thin women with beautiful armor.

"We have captured the city," the strong woman who finished their last ration speaks. "Now to the victors, came the spoils of war!" Men are stripped by their thieves on the streets and lured into soft beds, lofty haystacks. The master in command of the fallen army is seduced by the beautiful women who he chose. Their envoy a supreme masochist allows herself to be completely bound and gagged, her holes filled with a ground-up flavoring before the battle, he'd even enjoy licking her there if he dared to.

The women who aren't marked Amazon warriors are tossed around or slapped, completely outcast, the real losers of the sexual war. In a well defended cottage, the children were rounded up. The girls are inspected, the strong ones are tattooed with thorns, the fat or thin ones are left to reclaim the village. The boys aren't inspected, they join the strong girls, unmarked, their fate is sealed. Indentured love slaves after maturing. Their army failed to notice this was a battle for survival.

The warriors wearing fuller armor disrobe before feasting on newly conquered flesh. Various warriors with provocative garb, very light armor, nude, heavy armor. They all have their way with men that day, sometimes several of them take to one man at a time.

Somewhere in the distance a group of cavalry dismount their horses and enjoy the senseless carnal pleasure. These men are ready for fighting, they hold their weapons, prepared for a coup that was already happening. Proud no matter how submissive their partner. Some women are cut or beaten by the rough men, they are called barbarians. Disrobed women are sodomized happily. The women were always lubed and never covered their bottoms, and they were very rough in nature. This is the rear Amazon battalion, the voluntary victims. Some girls are slapped around. They scream to ensure their appearance of helplessness remains intact. Some of the girls are painfully injured because the men are so heavy getting mounted crushes the women's pelvis or knocks the wind out of them. They are brought back to town on horses, sweaty and dazed, and some men use the horse ride back, an undulating seat for continued thrusts. Some of the less pleasing women are put in sacks and dragged. Unclear who the victors of the battle are, the men think they won.

Upon arriving in town, the cavalry find out there's a truce of some kind. Men are bedding women all around town. Their master in command of the governing forces, who's getting really good hummers from his choice company says so. They release the captive women apologetically. They untie and remove gags from the women and make amends. To their dismay, the women want these men pretty much the same way they were had moments ago. A few guys did very dirty things, but the Amazons are by far dirtier. Not a man from the cavalry without peak physical form survives the following onslaught of ravenous sex. It's like they can't even move, and the women are able to coax an erection out of them through viler means until they pass out, and they don't stop.

The men who exhausted themselves screwing the women repeatedly, but still survive, are martialled like cattle, and the master in command is left with nothing but grown women in the village. What a great deal! Half their food and treasures are taken, impoverished children can eat, the chubby ones learn to work harder, this causes the physical form of the remaining girls to even out eventually over the following years. They are all going to be fit and ready to wed then. The envoy who successfully made the offer of her own flesh remains as his first concubine. Men who really want to stay with their wives badly enough to fight it are marked and caged, unfit for anything other than sex rations.

One young woman circles the cage and licks her lips, the men shutter in fear. They miss their homes and their insolent wives already.

The one-man village. He spends his remaining days repopulating and playing husband with every last woman who accepts it. Those who don't cater to him just work and die miserable lonely lives or end up marrying one of his own sons. The envoy's job is to live on and create a new religious faction that follows the tribe traditions while letting the war martial have his ways with her until new men populate the village. It is how they have done things for as long as they've known. Live here will soon be Amazonian as well.


---Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Intro, part 4
---C1, Scene 4: Wanderlust

The commander hears someone calling in a singsong tone and she begins trotting toward the source. She calls on her beautiful subordinates because three heads are better than one. She unfastens her plate skirt's back panel revealing a bubble butt and loosens her top so her breasts jiggle freely, her followers do so as well. It's pretty hot outside and they've gone on a long walk.

A few pillars stand tall in a circle. "What gods left this here?", she finds herself in a shadow cast by all of them. She's teleported inside a temple along with her companions by a beam of light. A blank tome of sorts is revealed to her and she takes it, what of it? Along a corridor, a man shows up out of nowhere and they attempt to coerce him. He stares blankly. The girls notice his erection, he is an easy target for them and might as well be taken on. One girl is painfully horny, she takes the first strike, pinning him easily and straddling him brushing his stiff member against her greedy entrances.

Somehow she fails to match the man, their ally is fucked into submission and spanked and worked to the bone until she's left face down, cum dripping out, happy and drunk from cum. The next girl is grabbed, a feather touch, the leader has had enough. She signals a more aggressive attack, they force him on his back. Straddling him they put his cock in all their mouths. There's so much cum they get tired of sucking and put it in their other holes, the commander is at awe of his strength, the man should be starting to run low on energy or sperm at the very least but this is inhuman. One of the girls is going to force clitoris from him but to her surprise and the horror of all who watch the man's tongue is a snake-like pecker. She's too aroused to stop and soon slides it in, generously fucked by it to everyone's sheer awe.

After massive simultaneous orgasms, the group all fall off and release what was stored by this creature of unworldly passion. He looks invigorated as though fucking those girls gave him great strength. The commander is grabbed and sodomized, continuing the sexual act they initiated. The man collapses, she has the tightest anus. Instead of letting him loose she squeezes him and thrust herself around him. Her tits feel so soft that whatever touches them is stuck like a hand in dough. Although some slime is dispensed on her from his hands, the sheer effort left this strange man tapped out bone dry. He collapses.

Our champion, the only one left standing, tends to a few wounds by licking and progresses further on. A bounty of men await, she attempts to contest them with her whiles, persuade them to show her around. They splatter cum across her and fill her with large beads. They tie her down and continue on and on and on. No matter how much they try her cooch is so tight that many attempts to force their way in just end up in her ass. She swallows cum, drools cum. She practically breathes cum while it streams through her belly out her mouth. She gets milked so hard by rough hands her nipples hurt. She's pounded from every angle, attempts to molest her breasts, ears, her hair, her back. Multiple phallus rub all over her ass crack and vagina. Tentacles wrap around her, whatever clothing she has left is lost in pools of semen after removal. She's choked, twisted, and nearly drowned in liquid manhood from how much they came. About ten men, with bottomless sexual desire, eventually can't stop cumming and fall over or lay down exhausted still trying to kiss and tenderly fuck her, still erect despite their weariness.

A big one appears, he has dry orgasms which look painful so the commander sucks and squeezes his balls until some pre-cum lands on her chest. After this relief, he mounts and gives her a good ride weighing her down with his huge bulk, the cum on the floor is high enough that a puddle has formed. She slips around in it while he tries stupidly to shove an oversized cock into her. His cum is spilling out like a broken valve and after he loosed a few gallons wherever he can the champ is left covered with a sore anus and throat, but still the victor.

---CH1, Scene 5: Proven Triumph

Emerging the girl who is a commander, a warrior, is absolutely beautiful, adorned with cum and saliva and other bodily fluids. She's completely naked, her weapon in hand, a wand that looks like a man's cock with some ridges on it. She reaches a small room. There is a girl with her face, a remarkable resemblance. She hears a message in her mind. "Prove your flesh is worthy." She fits the dildo in and attempts to interrogate, tired and sticky she presses it further. Her doppelganger doesn't complain, only stares and flexes with the pressure of the insertion. She has a light orgasm as the dildo penetrates and rolls her eyes up. The chief leaves. The dildo remaining deep in her doppelganger's cunt with a torrent of dark liquid oozing out from her broken hymen. And a virgin, she is no more.

Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Intro, part 5  (Red Alignment)
---CH1, Scene 6: Assimilation

The escorts she left earlier are found in the next room, getting absolutely destroyed by a group of cumtastic men like her previous experience. One woman is being tied to a wooden frame, her tongue lolling out her mouth. The other is taking cumshots to the face repeatedly and can't open her eyes. No doubt, they'll be here forever, servicing the men until they finally succumb to exhaustion. Unlike her. She ignores them, they're mere playthings for the creatures that lurk in this ancient place. She finds a room with three totems. She licks her lips. She reaches out to one, the three glowing lights mingling, and is wrapped by the power which dwells.


---Pink Assimilation []The phallic Lord[]

Reaching for a red essence that appears to be an armored dragon with a sharp harpoon shaped stinger for a tail the champion is concussively knocked backward and collapses, her muscles grow, harden, and her skin becomes oily. A thick armor materializes over her new rock-hard abs and thighs, pleats trail down her arms and legs. Her breasts shrink slightly and point straight erect. Her pussy is filled with a pink phallus, a demonic cock, it breaks her empty womb but imbues her with newfound power, the phallus grows at first, then retracts into a sheath that forms.

A Dread witch spawn is born, she walks back where 'her escorts' were being forced on for the past few minutes and finds the bukkake demons writhing. Seeing them, a shell of their former glory, it makes her sad but her compadre are glistening and beautiful, clearly having regained some strength from rest, Dread achieves her first male erection, coupled with dirty thoughts, and is disgusted by how unprepared her warriors are. So she fucks them both, and she uses full heat.

Her phallus acts as a real organ, allowing her to produce cum which proves both a delight and a great new weapon under her power. She remains feminine with the body of an athletic woman, she has multiple orgasms during a single penetration and her sinuous body lasts forever. The force of her strength while she fucks them is so great, that each girl she visits suffers a screaming confession of hate, love, regret, and torture all while enduring her. The power of her pink deity has allowed Dread to enjoy the flesh of another woman's pussy and the pleasure is immense, so she cares not, she just wants more. Much more final than some silly cock drill wand, she can cum inside them. Her pleasure fertilizes them, consuming their physical body's resources.

The first girl's totally wrecked by the commander's cock. After being rammed by the lusty girl for several minutes she spurts pussy juice and bites Dread, who is completely enchanted by the sensation of writhing pussy flesh. That girl gets dropped, the meaningless bite heals immediately. The next open cunt trembles. "Shut your mouth," this whore starts begging and crying until she starts writhing with passion. Dread has her own glancing orgasm, which is so extreme that the flood breaks the warrior's uterus, and spurts out the girl's ass. The broken woman cries sorrowful tears.

She completely forgets her face quickly. Dread just drops her last fuck friend on the solid floor and moves to the next, the cum still brewing at the tip of her phallus. This girl's awake and she pounces on that seriously enormous Jhones blowing it, but the sensation of lips is weak. Dread breaks the grasp and lifts a new anatomical toy, her phallus grows bigger and it's a nice fit in this girl's cream pot, it is penetrating and pushing and soaring till it reaches the end, filling her womb. The strength Dread has is so powerful, when she squeezes this girl's stomach, it tightens the grip on her own cock, she's thrilled with this full-grown woman's moist tightening canal, she's like a fleshy doll. Oh but that's not enough, after pulling out there's further struggle so she plunges inside again, and again, until the girl's completely wiped out the lights in her eyes dimming. Orgasm after orgasm Dread sucks it all in. Two more subordinates are left.

Two girls have been trying to escape, but seemingly there is no exit to be found, further efforts other than hiding remaining futile. Now they're huddled behind a table dripping with semen from the bukkake demon men's sex escapades and covering their eyes. Dread greets them both by groping their chests. The girls are forced to suck off Dread and get hornier and start turning pink from the insidious power of her phallus. Both girls are brewing with newfound strength and gladly keep ingesting it all, their pussies wet and overflowing, they start fondling each other and blush. They let Dread cum in their throats so they can fill faster, it turns them on more. Finally the begging starts, they have changed dramatically, their pussies are hot-boiling hot, both girls can't wait so they get on top of the dead tired bukkake men whose erections are spent. They start scissoring, Dread gets herself in between both of them and adds a fountain of cum. A few more positions -two girls sandwiched face to face, on top of each other, ass to ass, 69'ing. Dread uses her appendage to fill everything they send her way.

A girl comes out of nowhere, soaked from the waist down. She lays down and offers herself like a piece of meat, eyes tightly shut. Dread takes in the sight and waves her two girls forward, they facefuck and cum down the straggler's throat taking turns cumming inside her. Their dicks enter the girl's body easily, she's weak, and treated shamelessly. After all holes are violated twice they double penetrate her. Her composure starting to dwindle, eyes fluttering, she orgasms, so do the two inside her.

Once every last girl is worked to exhaustion Dread gathers them in her arms and then she announces, "My bare body erects mountains, I can cum for hours with a single breath, fuck armies without breaking a sweat, face me and you will be exhausted."

---Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Intro, part 6 (Alternate, Blue Alignment)

---Blue Assimilation []The erotic goddess[]

Reaching for a blue dome with a nipple that appears to be a kinky impossibly buoyant breast, our champion is transformed into a semi-translucent glowing goddess with a phat ass and innocent eyes. See-through apparel that floats about become her garbs, the single dome wraps around one succulent nipple and it sucks itself on firm and spirals down one breast both her breasts amplify in size.

Falling to her knees dread reaches down covering her privates and she squirts, with a moe "Eeah?!" her nipples lactate slightly. She can barely stand, but does, with her hips twisting lightly trying to hold something in.

A Dread goddess is born, she brusquely wanders back to where there were men fucking for a piece of the action and tries to blow one to wake him up, a guilty look is plastered all across her face. After little result, her friends come around and help her up, they each become enchanted by her beauty and feel her transcending sensuality. Starting with her obtrusive tits and her face, they lick and kiss, and they feel her soft body by pressing her against them. Dread gets wet and her nipples ooze uncontrollably, she drools from the fondling tongues, her ass shakes, and her tits bounce and they won't stop touching. She has an orgasm from the tension in her privates forcing her inner core spasms. Her ears are licked, her nipples become swollen stiff, red as cherries with hard pink sprinkles surrounding them sore as if they will pop from the pressure building up. They start licking lower and get her stomach, her butt, they lick her clit, her front, and her back. Her toes. They get a taste of everything, they all lick at once, they achieve several orgasms from Dreads power seeping into them. They want her to taste them now.

Rifts appear and hap upon the enchanted women holding themselves. Dread, vying for more erotic approval, uses many spectral tentacles which begin playing, simulating mouths, hands, tongues. A glowing menagerie of pleasure organs. Each girl gets the treatment that they gave Dread tenfold.

Their pussies and asses are opened, it goes a little further. They get stretched, objects pass all the way through them, glowing cum not of this world drips around them, their bodies are coated and their skin itches. Bright lights flash in their heads while they thrust at objects that are immaterial. Spectral tentacles wrap around their bodies binding them, twisting them passionately, making them moan. They reach out to dread begging more, the pleasure of endless tireless sexual groping.

Dread meets them one on one, floating in the air. She gives them individual comfort. The lustful girls crumble at the invisible connection between them. Her fingers, her lips, and her tongue, her sweet-scented breasts, she lets them taste each one. She begins teleporting. The girls' midsections vibrate with kinetic powers. She kisses each one while they cum, and tantalizing them foreplay and dancing, arouses them more. She sucks on their nipples, and their breasts start growing larger from her power sinking into them.

A goddess stands tall, aloof, vaginal fluids dripping from her body, her nipples fully erect. She splits into five of herself and simultaneously caresses her mates tenderly. While doing this an incantation is commenced. The incantation covers the floor with symbols and the power floods upwards, ending her split personification.

They all spontaneously generate a ball of energy in front of them, just below their pelvis. Their breasts become sopping moist, their asses quiver while they walk. They give dread exactly what she wants. The energy balls acting as a phallus for each girl are thrust against her vigorously, she swallows the glowing energetic cum. Lights of pleasure slide along her chest. Her cleavage is covered and mashed about while she is fondled by tentacles. The girls take on an ethereal form, losing their touch with reality, and they send their souls over Dread, they combine and form a blob that sucks her in and forces her consciousness open. It turns her head roughly for a moment and then recedes into her flesh with her eyes closed. Her eyes glow a deep frightening blue once she opens them.

As the spirits of her comrades gather within her Dread muses, "I travel through space, time, dimensions. I can command man and woman alike to deal pleasure with a single word. Each waking moment for me feels like centuries of ecstasy. Face me and you will be eternally fucked."



---Internal Dankness: Lust Incarnated Intro, part 7 (Alternate, Green Alignment)


---Green Assimilation []The perverse devil[]

Reaching for a green angel with a forked tongue that seems to bind itself. In a sudden panic, our champion is thrown off, "Yes just like that!" she starts to say, and puts her fingers to her lips. A green glow veins through her body until she is consumed with green segmented tendrils. Her body is covered by tattered robes, giving a destitute appearance. Her tongue whips about like a lizard's and black wings appear at her back for a moment, subsiding.

A Dread devil is born, she wants nothing more than to see her cohorts fumbling in sexual agony. She reenters where the bukkake orgy was taking place ready to experience this desire. To her dismay the men are unconscious. Her friends are getting some peace instead of being reamed, and beaten, and abused.

Displaying little anger but unleashing unbridled lust, she licks one of these girls going straight from pussy to ass, sticking her thick probing tongue in, fucking and lapping her lovely insides. She grinds her own pussy against the other. Soon her little friend is riled and ready. Breathing heavy, panting, even gushing and red from embarrassment Dread's vicious bride turns to her and returns a passionate kiss, a kiss that is soon scaring her because the lizard tongue is long and it threatens to enter her throat, but it doesn't. They continue making out, Dread's friend gets hotter and hotter from the large sexual swirling motions that her commander controls in her mouth. Pretty soon she's docile and limp, her energy and focus are narrowed to more basic urges, a need for sexual release, she's entirely focused on touching her own clitoris.

Sweating and so horny now, our victim cries out, "More, more!" She passes out and squirts herself, carnal desire violating her to her core. Other women gather around with shock and awe, they are wet and delirious, the room has an odd insidious veil forming about it.

Just a moment ago they saw Dread become a man with wings of a devil and fuck with obscene passion like a horrifying monster bent over a sacrificial lamb, it fucked her raw and groped every inch biting and clawing, the pretty lamb took it all and begged for more. Cum was pushed deep into her from what they saw of it that came out, blood trickled out her womanhood, the beast fucking so hard here skin tore. The girl was flipped over and got drilled like a horny bitch, always loving it. She bled from pleasure and begged for more. The devil's dick pulled out and got bigger, spiky knobs grew from the sides and it went back in. Her ass was stretched open by its fingers, she went berserk, her scrawny waist flexing down and up and down. It seemed like it wouldn't stop, then nothing made sense. Most of this was in their minds, overcome with lust.

The devil who was actually a woman didn't do any of that. She pressed her tongue into the berserk girl just once to relieve her before she screamed like a horny banshee and sprayed hot liquid and coughed from her raw sore throat.

What Dread did next was she unmounted her friend and pulled another entranced woman to the side. This girl, she imagined after the darkness, an octopus-like creature was feeling her body, it pushed inside her pussy, her ass, her mouth, squeezed her breasts, spread her and twisted her arm, pushed her to the ground and felt her again and again, she thought she'd be pulled inside-out. It covered her eyes, her ears, and pleasured her remaining senses more and more. Can't breathe, can't scream in pleasure, can't see what was in front of her or what shape it took on, but she felt it. A thick goo of vaginal fluid spread from her pussy, her nipples became red and hard. She pissed herself, she opened her mouth wide to release the tension and breathe. Something enters her throat and she coughs up phlegm. Her ass is stretched and she holds her own ass to avoid shitting herself, the feeling of it not dissimilar at the moment. Then she's bound on a table by Dread, for that moment she can see nearly what is really happening. Each girl is sticking their fingers in her while she's bound by tattered cloth.

The last of the group are still entranced, Dread enticed them to make love to this bound girl. She admired with a sick sense of satisfaction that they were all playthings, out of control with lust. One believed a boy pulled her down on top of him. So she was groping his cock. Another saw a dick of a strong man she lovingly licked to keep erect. Another saw a beautiful banquet of clams to suck on.

The first victim regained consciousness. Her mind a hazy mess, she masturbates, still wet, and approaches dread directly, and gets on her knees. First orally pleasuring, trying to feel her body, she gives up and rubs her body against the semi-nude devil. She's held loosely and Dread returns the oral pleasure. She suffers massive multiple orgasms and sweats, her physical energy draining quickly. A fat long tongue slides into her and her eyes blank, the tongue slides out and her pussy is munched and licked until her body stops twitching from orgasm.

The group of girls tire themselves and wane, then collapse, happily they encountered whatever sexual thrill they could imagine. Some of them dreamed of things lasting an entire lifetime, trapped in their own minds. The veil of reality was lifted, allowing their ecstasy to take over completely.

Dread brooded, the deed was so simple, not one girl made her come even close to joy or pleasure. With that, she stands and mutters "I can see within the secret hearts of men and women. I can warp their minds and unravel inhibition. Beyond desire there is torment, face me and you will be completely satisfied."

