Continuing from pink alignment

Horny Sluts

Our curious detective exits his aunt's study where he found the dank literature with a new image in the fap bank and after inspecting his cock it was rather stiff. Upon exit, there are a few heady women eyeing him in the lobby. They're not wearing underwear. They turn their heads to him, rub their nipples in hand, and lick their lips as if to say their lips were about to go to work. One of them puts down a purse and pulls out a dildo, flipping a switch, the vibrations are audible. A girl spreads her legs revealing a glistening wet snatch. A couple of them are drinking tea like none of this is unusual. The mansion appears haunted.

He ejaculates a little pre-cum. He enters the hidden study and looks down at his sore bulge and talks to himself. He whips out his dick, wipes it off, grimacing so sensitive. "I thought everyone went home." He pumps his erection a couple of times to make sure it wasn't about to empty into his pants. It's surprised him recently what his body can do. He opens the lobby door with his cock soaring, ready to fuck. No one is there...

He goes back to the desk where the tome remains. He notices a picture of a classy pin-up showing her rear, but it's completely covered by a dress and takes down the frame to whack off staring into her eyes. The next chapter page falls from the backside of the pin-up photo, so, eager to increase the sensation. He gives it a shot.


---Chapter 2, Title: Dance of Destiny

---C2, Scene 1: Binding The Bukkake God

Dread Witch is a naked muscular powerhouse, very beautiful. Her every movement looks like her muscles slowly relax and a new set of muscles strain to take on the tautness of her flesh. She enters the lair of a sleeping giant with such wicked deeds in store. The creature that she confronts is a monstrous form, horns of a great ox, an ogre with a hundred eyes, layers upon layers of its own ropy muscles. Its tentacles seem to permeate the whole of its temple, hundreds of dicks. The dark creature known as the cum god had focused its senses since she entered, never waning, knowing her to be there. Its pleasure at the sight of her brought it full mast. Now it advances to the undaunted woman and meets her with a lovely kiss her face and eyes quirk at the unexpected sensation. Their mouths part and its cock-shaped tongue slides out her open mouth. She wraps her lips around the tip for a little suck and it twitches. Lively creature.

He wraps his arms around her and roars after feeling her firm body, like an orgasm unto itself, it releases many fluids lubricating its anatomy, difficult to grasp. Stuff covers her face from his indirect assault, already making her disgustingly beautiful, she blushes while wiping it off with her arm. This one an unrivaled mate for it, it relaxes and its body contorts from the many fluids building. It accepts her holes as she presses them to his many feelers, her oral, her ass, her cunt, they're powerful, ready for the thirsty god. It gently strokes her to please her and himself while they copulate. He runs a ragged tongue along her hard nipples, her breasts soft. She catches a sight of the crease where even its tongues must emit more of its humors. Her clit is massaged with small soft finger-like tendrils, its hands probe her hard skin abdomen. What manner of clothing is she wearing? Nothing. It's just a little armor she forgot to remove. Never-ending dirty white coating is rubbed around Dread's body as fluids leak out of the massive creature with a hundred dicks.

Some black fluids which stick like glue come out its eyes, they cover her, it's like tar binding her where it lands. She's in bondage, her beauty distorted by the gunk. The god assaults her using its many tentacles while Dread begs for more, more force, more cum. Her left hand becomes bound to her chest when she touches. Her left calf sticks together with her upper leg when she bends it too far, her body turns to an angle leaving her lopsided. The eyes of the cum demon shut and black liquid seeps out, Dread is pressed face down against its sticky coating and its cum makes the rest of her body slippery. She's unable to see. Taking her from behind and pulling some sticky glops out of the way, the giant dick lord holds his primary phallus waiting. Dread, barely able to move now, was ready to perform something like a feat to pleasure it. She'll be like a kinky slave girl if that's what it takes. His cock flexes harder and veins protrude, its muscles flex like they're pulsating hearts until it's touching a single auburn buttcheek. A cock like that was made to fuck other gods, not mortal women.


It guides its god fucker carefully to the target and bores straight into her ass, deeply penetrating her bowels until she yelps reflexively, her muscles preventing it from going deeper. Dread can't help twitching and her back arches, her eyes water, her head unmoving, she bears her teeth and she shouts, "Aah! More! Harder!" as it thrusts, spreading her open and slowly oozing its thick sap directly into her, making the harsher the better, she will overpower it even with a dick like this. The tentacles that were small combine below his cock and become an elephant trunk-sized mass able to curve and aim as it pleases. The end takes on the shape of a spear as many points curl like fingers. Looking down she can see, "It's going in?"

She can see it waving from her limited vision, her head bobs from the motion as the slimy cum loosens her stuck face. Her nipples become solid like rocks under her stuck hand and she shakes her head convulsively "Wa...WaitWait!NO I mean..." Surprised she gapes her eyes wide and twitches uncontrollably as the cock of many tentacles twists into her wet cunt, some feel like they contact her clit and stay 'stuck'. It breaks through about halfway before the bundled mass splits into many, trying to push in deeper squirming and taking different completely unpredictable actions. The fluids pump through them, she can barely compare, it's like when her hand wraps around a soft cock to pump the cum out. The image is fleeting. The odd muscles of the tentacle lord flex and ripple, re-supplying its reagents. The great single erection stiffens unbelievably and gets shoved in deeper even as she holds it from breaking her. The enormous uterus of the cum god pumps, it makes an audible sound even from inside her like an incredibly drawn-out flatulance. The dispensed liquids fill her stomach and womb. The tanned form of Dread with black sticky substance all overbears the pleasure grunting to hold in the never-ending supply. If she were just a little weaker, it could have wrecked her body or escaped her unexpectedly. "Ung. I'm so full." Dread mutters while the flow dissipates.

The split tentacles of his second cock squirm, lively as ever, they turn and escape from her vagina doubling the thickness at the entrance to her enjoyment. They spread rubbing against her face and nipples while they finish pushing out the rest of their contents. Then in a final fit of horseplay, the Dread Spawn is forced into a cowgirl position above the creature as it sits. It tries squeezing its main phallus into her pussy. The cum pours out her ass and down the god shaft. She has a few orgasms from her assaulting mate getting his tip in. The dick slips out and her knees buck in a hard thrust. He spurts behind her back, away from her, blowing her hair into the air and in front of her face at the force. Her pussy is rubbed down his shaft still failing penetration and Dread holds her thighs firmly around to stroke it. It's too big, and he's not strong enough to force it in.

They make out and cum pours out her mouth and nostrils while its tongues deliver a great throat fucking. Any other dick the kinky god has would be just as willing. It is holding her like a cushy doll. Dread's gaze wanders to avoid contact with its many eyes, can they see into her soul after burdening her? He holds her chin with one massive hand. Her genitals are thoroughly played with soothing them before the god fully retracts all its tentacles and the black fluids are absorbed back into its many eyes. Once the pleasure ends the Dread spawn with her tight never tiring muscles is held like a teddy bear and cuddled by the sleeping monstrosity. It will fill her again when it awakens, there is no doubt of that.

After a moment of hesitation, Pink climbs out of a mass of virile tentacles. Ready to fondle her even as their master rests. They will know their place soon. She wipes off what she was bathed in and she gets to work. Fucking the bukkake god's men and female servants with a ghastly grin she's able to wear them down. She redecorates the room, moving a few pillars this way or that, taking down his old carvings, breaking his statues. For a god, he didn't have much finery for her to break. Finally, she gets over him, she didn't love him, it was a fling she swears. She breaks off his horns with her bare hands and then bangs a cock ring onto its ordinance-sized dick.

As she exits, Dread visualizes the happy look on the bukkake god's face as it kissed her deeply, the taste of its cum. She looked away then, not wanting to remember. Then she feels there's a tentacle reaching up her leg fondling her thighs and she stamps on it. The goliath of fluids, sex, and fetish roars painfully but he remains immobile. The jilted god is left there, slowly going blind, reaching for something to drizzle its sticky goo-l all over, perchance to procreate, growing ever slightly impotent during the centuries to come from an eternal erection. Its blackening eyes pour their strange substance, its tentacles slip into the cracks of the temple searching for what? Nobody will satisfy him the way she did.


---C2, Scene 2: Naughty Dancing Boy

Reading in an abandoned temple, a boy clearly a man, was fapping. His clothing doesn't cover his chest but it's quite silky. He wears jewelry which brings the image to mind he's more like a girl. He has bracelets, fancy earrings, a necklace, some garb around his waist, and is wearing sandals. His belly is pierced, he has a strong chest and slightly curvy waist, his arms are flat, non-muscular, his legs are firm non-muscular, he has a tanned pigmentation. His face is flat. The look on his face tells he doesn't give a damn like he's a little annoyed about the tome. He's had it all. He enjoyed himself.

The book glows in a dark purplish aura while closed. He says "I've been in orgies full of old women and fat men. It's too bad. Journeys such as these don't happen in real life. It's all fairy tales and dreams."

He stands up and walks a little further into the entrance, the door closes. "I'm stuck." He pulls up his pants and moves on. In his possession there are a few objects, he's carrying a blade for cutting tree branches.

---C2, Scene 3: Trapping

After walking forward our dancer sees a bronze statue that resembles a girl pointing and laughing at him. He slaps it a few times on the face and the ass picturing the girl the statue was created from could plead him to stop after making a mockery of him. He knocks an object that was hanging from her hand to the floor and a door slams shut.

The boy discovers this temple has not been completely abandoned, after all. A pretty young lady was sleeping nearby. She is wearing a blue slip of an outfit, her nipples protrude quite eloquently. He moves forward, tension in the air, sweat spreads over his forehead, he leans forward almost touching her, and sticks his tongue out to wet those nipples through her dress since he desperately wants to take advantage of her. Women in his day are usually married long before reaching adulthood.

She addresses the boy, "mother fucker," and hugs him tight with his face over her breast. "I was lost, can you help me?" She didn't seem that lost, she's already feeling this young man up, and she's holding his hand under her skirt his arm practically engulfed by her very curvaceous ass. Her squishy parts are pressed against his face and his hands, it's like she had expected it. "Mnnhhh... feel that?" Not really caring, he gets a good taste of her cleavage and believes she's already been with child. To him this makes her first comment a little more passing, he would fuck a mother. The idea to get a meal from her breast comes to mind as well.

His cock soars and she pushes him back, stands then swerves over to a candle-lit wall. Bending forward her pussy is revealed in the open and she reaches to spread her juicy ass, flexing the glutes. Her breasts squish against the wall and spread past her tiny waist and frame. She's just a flower waiting to be pollinated once more, the dancing boy can't resist the temptation. The woman might be a harlot or an outcast going by her immediate attempt to woo and let him fuck her. She began breathing harder, "I need cum. Won't you?" No longer supporting her own weight on the wall, she pressed her face against the boulder stone and fondles her own nipples and her butt. Her clothing, sheer, remained, but everything exposed to his eyes.

The dancer is quite horny of course, he drops his robe open after unfastening the belt and stops before making entry. With enticing eyes the woman weakly begins rubbing her ass and pussy against him, a thankful look crossing her face. Desperate now, the dancer's cock begins to twitch, and he breathes deeply before pushing forward. His cock is barely pressing against her through her sweat plastered clothing and she orgasms, it's so exciting, the woman is so horny. Reaching below the hem he spreads her pussy wide. He thrusts it in. The lusty tramp suddenly roars vulgarly and a tremendous torrent of fluids rush out from her, multiple orgasms, spewing everywhere. Her tits bounce and issue milk, her hand spread against the wall as she becomes a limp fuck toy.

Still so very excited the boy grabs those generous tits and fondles and teases and that pussy he's thrusting is squirting and writhing. He cums into her. The girl doesn't face him but weakly bends down until her tits are rubbing the brick floor and she sticks her tongue out and bites it lightly, eyes narrowing. Pulling out momentarily, the semi-tired penis gets hard again. Pussy or ass, it didn't matter which, it seemed like she's ready to accept everything he had. She turned her head to look at him, her hair messy, and her tits still rubbing the paving. A fierce look on her face, not ready to give in. She takes a hold of him by the balls and she strokes them gently.

After sensing his hesitation, for oral perhaps, the fond stroking stops. She gets down into a comfortable sleeping position he was familiar they met this way at first. The blue-clothed whore opens her mouth, sticking out her tongue, eyeballing his stiff meat, that tongue gently moving, glowing from wetness. She sticks her index and middle finger in and out over her tongue. She kisses the air and licks her upper lip.

He enters her mouth carefully, the first nibble came from her lips. She sucks on the tip enthusiastically poking at the hole with her tongue. His dick is so ready it grants her a taste of what may come. She tries to lap it all up with her cute tongue. He moves it closer and her tongue rubs a quarter down the shaft, closing her mouth now she's turned on by the bumpy texture and slippery feel of it. She begins moaning, as though his dick were in her pussy again and he nearly loses all breath when an involuntary shutter thrusts the entire shaft down her throat, she continues to rub her tongue around in an attempt to pleasure even while being suffocated slightly. After a few seconds of deepthroating his cock he pulls away. She's practically out of breath, laying on her side, her pussy and ass still gleaming in full view of the candlelight from the other side, drooling the cum out of her mouth to the floor while she shutters. She's gasping for air. She's not able to keep going.

Not quite done, he feels her up while she's catching her breath. He gets a whiff of her and the smell is exciting. He thinks he can use her tits, as they flop in front of him, he wacks off and inserts between the two. It's pretty hot but not a tight enough grip. He tries to loosen her clothing a bit and looks at her pretty face. Her eyes are closed slightly like she's just waking up.

He rolls her onto her front and checks the ass, it looks nice, so he slips between the cheeks and gets a wild ride as she reacts with vulgar grunts, her firm ass flexes and she tightens her anus. She turns her face to him, a joyous look in her teary eyes. Suddenly a really sick thought comes to mind and he switches to her pussy, he covers her mouth, and he makes a sinister face. It's like he lost control. He cums inside her again. He switches back and forth now, she starts to wriggle a little but eventually gives up, her orgasmic reflex in full action, she's still enjoying it. Her tits bounce around wildly and drip nectar, confined by her messed clothes slightly. Thrusting is all she feels and wants now. Her chest and stomach are pressed to the floor.

This time the dancer yells while he spurts inside her, she's crying, he cums a few more times in ass and pussy. He's going back and forth, her body a funhouse for his passion. He's spanking her and rubbing her breasts around, the scrawny bastard forces her to reposition uncomfortably several times, and he takes positions of power that would allow him to command her if she weren't already giving herself completely. He slaps her ass once again. Her face gets pushed around a little, she grunts while trying to wriggle her ass, she's cumming whatever direction his shaft slides, her slippery body bared as her clothing is pulled tight. The upper part of her dress is torn and she starts shrieking in painful climax with each breath she lets out.

Momentarily they both stop and the blue kinky whatever, not looking at him says, "do it again." A spark of some anger lights up in the man's eyes at this comment, for he not only gave it his all but he dared venture into the extreme. One final touch he thinks, he reaches down taking out his dagger, and cuts the sides of her clothes, she starts moving to stop him but gives in. What was once her body was a plaything for both their improvised enjoyment. The removed clothing releases her cleavage entirely and her shoulder straps are cut, the back of her dress is opened for maximum ease of access. Her jiggling breasts practically start flapping around the moment he undoes them. He rolls her to her back.

Her figure is astounding. Her exhaustion, inability to rise or fight back, evident. Her ass is so well endowed her hips won't touch the floor. Her shoulders are narrow and her breasts nearly reach the floor as they slip to the sides. He wants to make love to her as she is now forever. A strange glow is cast on him as he stares at her bare body. ("We can't have that now") He momentarily forgets all but the pursuance of greater sexual pleasure. He's glad he really got a good look at her, so he can remember forever.

He starts thrusting hard. The girl gapes her mouth and breathes. Her chest sticks out allowing them to bounce and she flexes her stomach. She cums hard and he cums harder. He grabs her tits and squishes them making her yell louder and some milk squirts out. He bites her erect teat, he squeezes her ass, and white fluid from his early escapade squirts out. He presses into her so hard she cranes her neck back and contorts her spine convulsing in pleasure. Her tits are displayed gorgeously, her arms reach back behind her head, and he grabs her by the waist. He dangerously stabs into her womb with his penis while she simply opens her eyes, unbelieving, he convulses in a final blast of enthusiasm, he makes it last longer, then he let go. A mockery of torment and horror is plastered on the face of seductive beauty, giving into bliss, her hair is ground to the paved floor. All strength gives out. Her amazing tits have treads of teeth on them, raw from punishment. Her ass is chapped and red from grinding against stone and getting slapped.

Spittle dripping out his mouth, he holds one of her legs up then pulls out of her, uncouthly unloading a final wad into then across her privates. He gets a good look at his dirty work, a crumpled mess of a woman, her clothes ripped. Her pussy was stretched, her ass bruised. Drool is coming out of her mouth, her tongue protrudes slightly. She can barely breathe due to exhaustion. Her hair's frizzed, cum is dripping out her ass and vagina. Her tits are stiff, the surrounding skin is rubbed red from the stone floor, parts of her dress and skin are not only cut but ripped from digging into the floor. She wore makeup, it is smeared a little.

Not in a much better state of affairs than the slut he just undid, the dancer falls to a sitting position. He reaches for the object he took off the statue and looked at it carefully. For no reason at all, he feels like he could physically keep screwing this woman if she were still awake.


---C2, Scene 4: Sexually Transmitted Dreams


The exhaustion he felt seeped into him, making him feel weak and useless. The guilt rips him apart as his body gives in. A walking corpse of what he was, he can hardly breathe from anguish. To his greatest regret, his cock stiffens again, and upon looking back he can still see a tattered blue garment lit by candlelight. He simply can't bear to look at that beautiful woman any longer. The sight makes his dick all too prepared. He got his second wind and she was sleeping off the first.

The horny bastard, the dancing boy, starts walking again in search of an exit. Someone sneaks up behind him and covers his eyes. This sensation, he knows it well, for it is forever stained in his consciousness from a mere few minutes ago. A woman was pressed against his back, and his dick was entirely trained for it.

He didn't say a word, he merely turned and gripped her arms. It wasn't the same woman, this one was completely innocent and slender, with a green gleam in her eyes. Clearly, she was in no better state of affairs than the previous with him in front of her now, his stiffening region pleading to enjoy another treat, her helplessness made him mentally retreat. It sickened him, but it felt like he was already penetrating her mentally, or she was penetrating him.

She kissed him right there. She gave him the blowjob immediately, her passionate glances at his face made him fearful of the conflict. So he lifted her face away from his crotch and she struggled weakly, as though she wanted to suck more cum and drink it in deep. He cums between her lips as she inserts his penis once more. Her tongue licks off the substance he left there.

He gives in then, ravages her, eats her out, then he grabs her hair and twists her face away to examine her backside. She spoke to him then, "Don't hold back", so he gently slid inward from behind. In throes of unheard passion the girl struggled with that rock hard pecker, not only did it increase the amount of pleasure he felt but she felt it much more according to her vocals.

She bares her teeth and she sweats all over. What luck he must have to encounter this cute little sex freak. And not just one horny woman in such a short time. Closing those beautiful green eyes, she bends backward and spurts, he gladly returned the favor and filled her with his own stuff. He pressed his fingers inside her ass and she came again, then she leaned forward. Allowing him to be pleasured immensely by her sexual banquet, his cock never got soft, her soft parts stretched to meet his demand. She takes him silently and looks at him with an open mouth, trying to keep breathing, and his cum fills her. She has a light orgasm or two before falling asleep and he pulls out. Finally self-aware of the repeated molestation, he could no longer succumb.

Now he doesn't mind. The stories he read now seem so alive and true. Although she sleeps peacefully the image digs into him. He stares at her glistening ass and pussy, her hips much narrower than the previous woman. His dick still stiff, he simply climbs on her and presses in again, she moans weakly, and he releases while breathing out, whatever would escape into her. They both fall asleep, connected.

The boy lays down to rest on top of his sleeping mate and he dreams of the book, a strange black effigy that becomes a part of him in the dream. He ejaculates into the girl while sleeping, and she awakes each time acknowledging her captor. She pants, drools slightly, and then she looks down. His orgasms keep growing stronger, the amount of fluid released increases. Her womb is filled completely, semen flowing out of her.

She intends to give him a blowjob and he cums at the lightest touch, and pretty soon she's worked up over it. The green-eyed nymph grabs his ballsack and he spurts all over her arm. She tries to hold his cock with her hand hard enough to stem the tide but he just cums more. She starts to passionately blow him and drools out what he delivers.

The cum which exits as he sleeps is thick. It spills out her mouth. It sticks to her tongue. It gets all over her naked body. It makes it difficult for her to move without getting it all over. She masturbates and inserts him. Bad move, she screams terrified at the pressure of her full womb and ejaculate squirts from her small pussy once again. She rubs it on her asshole and the cum covers her backside. Looks of fear and frenzy and soon rage show on her face as she struggles to dominate his sleeping body.

Soon a kinky little green-eyed girl places the tip of this man's penis to her clit and rubs it over. She has a few harsh orgasms, the cum acts as a water pick and the sensation is so good. She gets down to play more, her head goes down on might as well have been a foot long golfclub and she swallows every inch. It comes out her nostrils before she makes it all the way down and her eyes water. Her stomach fills and she pisses herself, it's so much. The cum leaks from between her lips and onto him, again, and he just keeps cumming, cumming, deep inside her throat. She thinks she might die attempting to finish him.
    
He awakes. He pulls her face up and still under his power, she's forced into a reverse cowgirl position. He sticks his cock into her and cums, he sticks his cock into her again and cums, he sticks it in yet again and cums.

She starts begging. "Oh NO! Forgive Me! I can't take it!" Release the trance. I must release the trance! she thinks. His cum starts to invade her every sexual corner and consciousness wavers. He puts his cock into her pretty little asshole. "It won't fit" but it does and the amazing sensation overwhelms her. She goes ballistic, unable to concentrate on what she was doing. The cum fills her once again and her stomach stretches. She screams and begs and wails. He pulls her hair and pounds into her laying on their side while her legs kick the air each thrust. He's kissing and caressing her face while he does this.

In his mind right now the boy is fucking a valley of skanky nymphomaniacs. An angel, a schoolgirl, and a devil. Each one never stops pleading for more what happens in the real world doesn't appear to him the slightest. From his perspective, they barraged him into a fit of lovemaking by liking his cock and spreading their pussies out, then making him return the favor. He gladly would do this to their bodies as they plead in joy.

He rolls onto the green-eyed girl, his weight not so great, but still enough to overpower her. Cum jets out her mouth and ass, he fingers her pussy, and several explosions of cum exit her asshole. The skinny jerk throat fucks her from a sixty-nine position while bending her legs up and his tongue fucks her pussy, and he bites. She twitches. Cum sprays from her pussy and she squirts onto his face, cum drips down both sides of her face and over her nipples. The boy starts kissing and licking her privates as he cums into her throat repeatedly. He pulls her legs up and stands, then shoves downward pressing green to the floor by her neck so he can get a good deep entry into her ass.

He starts getting ridiculous again chasing the sensation he felt not long ago. He doggy styles with his dick in her ass, and in her vagina. He grabs her by the hair, pulls it just to hear her yell while he bits her neck. He puts her in a full nelson while receiving head, he gets her against a protruding rock on the wall and forces her against it repeatedly. Her ass hits the wall and jiggles and her face is forced to the wall. He rubs her nipples. He puts his hands on her neck and licks her face sloppily. He covers her nose and mouth. He starts spanking her wildly while she's forced into a corner of the room.

He runs out of energy eventually and falls completely asleep. His face perched on Green's nose while he was busy sucking at it. She gets away and coughs up a lot of vile gunks, she releases his ejaculate from her bowels. Then she crawls away into the shadows, not wanting him to enjoy her failure.

---C2, Scene 5: The Balance of Power

A dancer boy sleeps.

Somewhere in a room not far away, a short skinny girl with tired green eyes plays with a weak girl in a tattered blue dress. Lightly touching each part of her body, the green girl grins with a satisfaction of a dervish and the beauty reacts like she is struck by jolts of immeasurable pleasure while she holds her eyes shut. The feeling of the touch is quite exquisite.

Green is suddenly alert to some presence, she turns around, much too late. A built woman, fully clothed, snuck up behind her and, after seeing this, she plunged her fingers into the young lady. Green blushes holding the fingers to push them away. The red-haired woman instead gives her clitoris and plays with green's ass. The green-eyed girl bears down her teeth at first and achieves a massive orgasm, stretching her mouth wide, her face blushes then she falls on top of the blue-dressed woman.

She claws her way forward and drinks milk like a baby. The red-haired woman gives her a kiss, some of the milk drips between them.

The blue girl awakes and sees a big man with an enormous pecker sucking her tits. He glances up to her and drives his cock into her repeatedly, her legs trying to shut. She has an erogenous climax squirting her juices everywhere before falling back asleep.

Red licks her fingers having plastered both the women here, she simply wanted the thrill and nothing more.


---C2, Scene 6: Fucked Red

By the time the snoozing dancer becomes alert, the girls he wanted to play with some more are gone. He ventures on. He runs into another woman with fiery red hair, this one is physically fit, her toned muscle, her casual glance toward him not surprised. She's fully clothed and eating. He's hungry, so he asks, can I have some?

"Why, yes, you may. But you have to do something for me in return. Oh... You'll find out. Are you going to have some?" He eats a little dried meat and they walk on, they reach a strange altar of a girl, with candles on her body. The red-haired babe rearranges them, which opens a gateway. Before he can enter, the girl stops him. "Now, I want it now. You promised."

She pushes him against the wall and kisses, groping his cock. It feels raw, one doesn't just screw three women without remembering, but then again. His dick swells to her delight. She unbuckles him and takes it out, gives it a lick, looking up at his face. Then she turns and presses her back against him forcefully. He closes his eyes and reaches down to pull up her skirt but realizes she's wearing a belt. "You have to lean forward." She mutters "I know," and pulls down her pants, bending forward. She's not wearing panties. She says nothing else and reaches back to grip his shaft, a swollen red prick he can't hide, and doesn't care to. He briefly considers she might leave him even if he confesses to love. Their bodies were similarly built. But the thought exits his mind as he feels the sensation once again. "Haa." Vaginal intercourse, into his mind it went, deep down he needed it. I'm having intercourse for a third time in one day, every time with an astounding beauty. His lust is out of his own comprehension now. He thinks he hears her moaning a little already and he's breathing hard, his stiff cock spurting prematurely all over. "That's a lot to handle, I'm not sure I'll manage." Red mutters.

A little sweaty because she's holding such a difficult position, the beauty begins moving back and forth, with little regard for resistance, wet juices splatter out from where they touch. She flexes and bends and twists. "AAh," she shudders and tightens around him. The tightness doesn't subside and she moves even more vigorously. He starts shoving her forward and tries leaning back a bit to make it easier as he continues to cum effortlessly. But while accepting his help the woman furiously tries to feel even more. Soon he's sitting against the floor with his back on the wall. She's in a full squat, thrusting, and her grip is so intense he suddenly feels like he can't cum, it's a little tiring even for him and he's just staring at her ass undulating in front of him. Looking up now he sees she's been looking for his responses the whole time.

"Pace yourself," he says. "Shut up, take it," she retorts... This of course makes him fight back, he pulls her shirt up and he manages to force her to change to easier positions. She never quite slows down, however. Adrenaline saps into the dancer's veins, and he starts raging. His cock bulges and sweat splatters from the two of them. Pretty soon he has her in a docile position, the girl underneath, lifting nearly his entire weight to keep the motion up, he pushes back against her before she's ready and forces even more strength to be used. Cum splatters out of her, the boy's cum, it spreads over her ass. Her small tits. She squeals and covers her naked body, this doesn't stop though, the dancer boy is too enraged, he wants her to beg for mercy. The amulet glows.

Somehow mustering up a final powerful orgasm for both of them the man thrusts in, his cum fills her and oozes out. Her eyes widen with surprise, he pulls out and it goes across her body. He turns her over, pounding in her pussy some more, she gets into a downward dog position and lets him. Each press inward rocks her world and each pull outward makes her breathe for air, and hard, the next push in sends it all out.

With some self relied strength, the girl reaches back and grabs the fiend, and pulls him down for a kiss. His dick slips out from her flexible movement. She stands up, flexes her spine, and stretches her arms. She says, "I'm pretty strong. You'll have to try twice as hard if you want to make me love you."

---C2, Scene 7: Tickled Pink

She says "we should get out of here." Finally, someone talking some sense, the boy offers cloth and wipes the cum off her face. They progress on into the dungeon. After reaching a laughing statue again the dancer scratches his head. "I don't get it. Was the temple built by infantile?"

"Oh, you need to..." The red-haired girl grabs his now limp cock and sucks on it. "Aaah!" Enamored at her tenaciousness. "Right now?"

"Here, put it here." Red rider says.
"What? I don't know."
"You need to fuck here-"
"Umm-"
"Trust me, it's the only way out."
"Ohh, OKay?!"

The saliva slick dick slides into the backside of the laughing girl statue. "Cold." He grunts and ejaculates. Red looks at him disapprovingly. He explains "It was yours to drink."

Red sighs and points at him then laughs. Clearly an imitation of the statue. The floor disappears dropping them. Trap door! Our dancer's dagger falls to the floor and Red picks it up. "Oh... what's this for? Were you going to rape me?" She blushes, the air thickening like he can't breathe, "I'm raping you now."

A trio of women emerge nearby to witness a strange scene, a girl is holding her dagger to a sexy boy. They approach. Red rider points the dagger toward them. "Go over there," she points at one girl, a priestess, and she's looking relieved, for a moment, "all of you." She looks at the boy menacingly.

Three girls, two clothed in shabby garments, and one priestess are standing with their hands on a wall, bending, they have their pussies on display. The rules were simple, each girl takes the cock this man has as Red sees fit. If Red doesn't get her way, the knife would be their fate.

Girl A takes the cock and enjoys it, she loves it. She was wet, expecting it. She purses her lips and wriggles. Cum drips down her thigh before Red says stop, and the girl refuses. Red cuts her shirt open spilling out bouncy tits. Another spurt of cum ejects into her when she screams in shock. Exciting, frightening. Red takes the cock out of her. "No, it's mine still." Red sticks the knife close to her pussy. "Don't! I yield." She puts her face down, subservient, the knife glints not an inch away from her tender loins.

"Next!" Girl B, she's quiet, too quiet. The dancer cums inside her. B frowns. Red grins and make them keep going. Semen spreads around in her cunt, and she neither resists nor enjoys. Red gives up, "Stop."

Attention draws to the priest who happens to be casting a spell. "Wait!" Red screams as a snake twists up her leg and penetrates her ass, lifting her. Snakes also penetrate Girl A and Girl B who also let out shocked curses before lofting up off the floor. The priest stands up, looking at the boy who was not targeted by the spell.

"I will return your energies. Please be more careful about making friends." She chants a brief incantation and the dancer can feel his physical strain disappear, his bruises regenerate and it's like he never fell. No longer a horny sexual deviant. His mind recovers as well, and he stands there in awe of the power on display.

Red broke free of the strange holding spell, the snake wriggled out of her. So did the other two girls, they all pounce on the priest and hold her down. Red begins cutting away at her clothes and begins sliding the dagger into the sheath that is a beautiful priestess. "WAIT!" The only man exclaims. The girls move aside, his authority, but evil looks are on their faces. Red tucks the knife in her belt and nods.

"It's ok." The dancer says, he leans over and kisses the priestess, passionately. He moves slowly, fondling her. He feels her moistness and suddenly realizes after his rejuvenation, he can enjoy her.

"I haven't," she weakly protested.

He understood but his lust grew quickly, he could feel an adrenaline buoy rising, he knew he could take control here. Perhaps get a sense of her power. The dancer leans in for another kiss and he presses deep inside the priestess. She has an orgasm, the broken virginity spills at his penetration. He thrusts and passionately kisses her face. She cums and cums and cums and cums... she keeps spilling his seed, and her lust streams out. She's a powder keg of emotions, watery fluids emanate out from her eyes and mouth, her sweat, and vaginal lubricants.

The other girls look sad but subdued. The priestess whispers something to the dancer. He cums inside of her cunt and she gives a frightful look and rolls her head back, her chest looks amazing.

Hold on, there was something important, he has to remember what she said.

"I have learned that the colors of power shine brightest in those who follow a path among gods, I follow the one true god. But these three women are a lively pink."

A shock of clarity reaches the boy, pink. He turns and sees it now, the red hair, the red clothes. The muscular build, the veracity, dexterity. He loves that thought and cums in the priestess again. He holds out the object he got from the first statue and his strength returns.

"Drop the knife, I'll pleasure you, Red. Whoever you are. If you don't you'll never feel a human cock again." The three girls look shocked, the knife is tossed aside. He enjoys fucking each one a great deal, but Girl B is a little standoffish.

The priestess takes her time and casts a spell that summons black tentacles. She binds the three girls. Tentacles snake around their bodies while the man keeps trying to toy with them. The amount of cum shot into everyone from the one man is extraordinary. The tentacles go in their mouths. Their intestines are wrenched by the tentacles which soon flow from their mouths out their anus-like tails.

The two unknowns are worn out, their hair matted down. Laying on the floor. Each one was given a three-course pleasuring.

Red groggily looks up as the dancer pulls her off the black tentacle. He walks away with her in his arms. The two who were with the priestess begin vaginal intercourse with the tail end that just exited them. A great wave of purifying light washes down on them from a final spell and all three vanish.


---C2, Scene 8: Cum Loudly, Nobody's Going to Hear us

They reach a chamber with a beast of unearthly proportions. Dancer places Red, still worn out, on the floor at the entryway. Two dainty girls with staves standing guard shout "Stop, who's there!?" their enticing voices make the beast stir. It reaches out with many tentacles and fucks them, HARD. Several seconds of being fondled and stretched and then pressurized cum squirts out their mouths and vaginas, the beast finally releasing them. Incredible amounts of cum fly out of them as they deflate. Dancer boy turns around, about to run.

A single priestess has crept up behind them, she's deep tongue kissing the red rider and molesting her lower region. She takes Red away to the beast. The dancing boy looks up and sees the two girls fucking the bukkake god willingly. He gets a little closer as his senses fail him, he has an erection at the sight. A mysterious hand squeezes his ballsack. The pleasure mixed with pain can't be denied, something slips up touching his prostate and he falls asleep from overwhelming pleasure. "Take good care of it. Keep it safe."

The bukkake god grabs red. He has a very fine girl in his arms now. Every time the god comes the creamy juices fly out of her, and he comes in every hole, his primary phallus hard and unused, he deeply tongue kisses while cumming inside her. She quivers and subsides on his many cocks, knocked out from an orgasm. He places her behind him with her asshole and pussy exposed, many tentacles from his back surround her while she lay face down in the mass of slimy limbs, no doubt giving fellatio, being fed his cum, giving him pleasure in return.

The dancer wakes and stumbles back where he came. He encounters a great number of fit women who push him down and try taking advantage of him. He falls into a trance and begins fighting back, his jizzum covers them all, leaving them in lust. They each give him blowjobs. Somehow his dick is still so sensitive, and his sperm loads are huge, no matter how many girls went in at the same time there was a surprise for each of them.

They follow him back and then stop in their tracks when they see the bukkake god. The dancer wanders around the god into a backdoor of the labyrinth. The bukkake god grabs them all with his tentacles and is entertained by these fit beautiful sluts who struggle to escape. Taking him in their pussies, and after he's done fucking each one, they're placed in one of his folds, which houses many writhing tentacles, the same way Red was subdued. The god does not stop, he takes time to pleasure the two pretty guardians of his nest, filling them and letting them deflate, they remain free to worship him.

With the greatest finality, the boy with the surprisingly energetic hard-on is caught by a priestess in the deepest chamber with a statue of a masturbating woman. Her servants were getting pounded and squealing in delight, the overflowing sperm covering them. "You should have gone home, and fucked your old fat masters," she says. Then she makes a sarcastic smirk. "I can dance too." She gives the boy a lapdance and transforms into the Dread Witch, her disguise removed. His desire overwhelms his physical body. "Very well," she says like it was an answer to a question nobody asked, "you shall succumb to my pleasure." She says while stroking one of her small perky breasts. But his eyes went to hers, and he only saw the eyes of a bird of prey looking at a mouse.

Dread's armored body is whipped away momentarily increasing her movement range and she sits on his cock, making him shout and spasm, ejaculating even, unexpectedly, but it doesn't matter or she really has forgotten what modesty even was. She slowly moves down, stroking it directly with her wet skin. A smile that was somehow terrifying and enchanting creased her face as she tilted her head up. He glances at her perky breasts. "Have you ever heard a man scream while cumming?" She says. And after, the only thing he heard was echoing shouts. The cum poured out of her. His essence and his soul sucked on, into the tip of his fat and happy dickhead. He saw his face in her eyes while he screamed in orgasm, his spirit leaving his body. After a brief moment of magical earth-shattering glory, to the dancer's dismay, she stands up and the armor appears on her, barely covering her. The boy feels like his body is drained of all fluids. He collapses and smolders against the statue, sultry, out of breath. He can't feel his body like he's floating. An unsatisfied look is on Dread's face. "He came like one of those fertility worship men, right into me." She looks at him, "You only lasted a moment, pathetic little cunt teaser." She shakes her head and leaves, at the last moment saying, "You'll think of me, won't you?" The image of her muscular back burns into his mind, like a photograph.

