Continuing from pink alignment
[Pink] Deception, Curses, Deepthroat, Vore, Dick Demon
Inception Puzzler

The reader turns the pages. The things he imagines experiencing pressing him on. What is next? Every moment he could perish at a thought. The sense of a different world around him sinking in, he can see naked servants out of the corner of his eyes. He can barely keep going. His erection mounted, his nuts hurt, and his mind was relaxing into a drunkard lul.

Some candles light up, on a statue of a naked girl revealing herself to his pleasure. The inspector has a glimmer of desire at the image. His attraction leads him closer to it. He inspects it with great fascination. There are candles. Her concentration was focused on the candlestick in her mouth. He can see the melting wax flowing down her lips. His concentration wanes.

There's a picture nearby of a girl dressed up, being double-teamed with her arms held by large men. A caption on the picture reads, "Football Team Wins The Championship".

He feels heat welling up between his legs. He looks closer. The girl is wearing a sailor uniform. Her breasts are exposed and are being fondled. The dick entering her ass is stretching her wide... The one entering her vagina is pushed in all the way to the base. There's some cum dripping from every hole...
    
"Aaaah!" Fuck me more, Christie says. A cock is immediately jammed into her mouth. A splurt of hot milk fills her. She says "more, more," but it's more like grunts and gurgling. The man penetrating her asshole slaps her butt, it is pink and reddening.
    
But this isn't really happening. The horny dreamer looks at the statue and removes the candle from the vagina, the wax hardens on his skin. He puts the rest of the candles out and places his shirt over her head. He rubs his shaft, then he fucks the statue carefully, not entirely sure what's in it. He sticks his dick deep into the petrified cunt and blows a load. His cum seeps out indistinguishable from paraffin and there's a click. Fearful, like someone is watching, his body reacts in surprise and he flexes his groin to push as much out before pulling out of the statue. He replaces the candles fearful he was caught. He puts one in her hand, betraying her lewd open mouth.

A drawer is open, it wasn't like that before. There is the next chapter. The feeling from reading each page is irresistible, and perhaps there could really be something in this about his missing aunt, he reminds himself. "Alright," he says while cracking his knuckles, "what else is there to do?"

---Chapter 3, Title: The Cheerleader
---C3, Scene 1: The Schoolgirl

The girl in the photo's name was not Christie, nor was she a young girl. She was twenty, a real cheerleader for pro football. The men weren't even football players though. The whole encounter was consensual, but the events that led up to that point were subversive and memorable for her. The following is a series of deception and beguiling.

Long before Jessy became an audacious slut, she had the top grades of her class. She'd spend time reading at her public library. She had a lot of friends she spent time with. That all changed one day when she read a letter from the mail. It was extremely rude and stung her, she felt sore in her stomach while reading. But her compulsion was another nature.

The letter read: "Greetings,

I have written to you at great risk. You owe me. Wear a tie to the Suzy Syne park and don't be late."
    
She got the tie and went. She felt trapped. A total stranger wanted her, something she owed?
    
Someone walked in front of her after twenty minutes of waiting at the park and handed her a bag the shape of a suit, it must have had something important in it. He walked away without a word of explanation.

When she got home she opened the bag, in it was another letter and something she couldn't recognize immediately. Some clothing.

The letter once again read: "Dear slut,

wear this when we next meet. Or there will be consequences. Return same time and day at the same place."
    
She did as told and put the thing on, it was so weird because it chafed and pinched. Why was she doing this? She also wore normal clothes over it.

She returns to the park and someone beckons her over to him. "What is all this about?" She says shyly. "The truth is, I wanted to see you. Are you wearing it?" The stranger said. "Yes." She answered, then pulled the top of her turtleneck shirt lower, revealing a red collar. "Who are you anyway, Jake, Stan, Kyle, Dick... how do I know you? " He didn't care for her inquiry. "What about the rest of it?"

She responds with a nod, feeling uneasy after revealing she knew so many names, stupid girl, she thought. "How do you feel?" He says. She feels metal chains across her vulva, even with a bra underneath leather seams pinch her nipples, her buttox are being separated and her shoulders are squished a little. She doesn't respond, other than looking down away from his eyes.

He moves without hesitation. He grabs part of the seams at her back and yanks, tightening the entire bondage suit around her. She squeaks from the air being forced out her lungs. As she remains out of breath he removes all her normal clothes very slowly.

Her stomach is cinched, the chains and the leather tightening everywhere but her chest. Her breasts are practically exploding out of her bra these days anyway. The man whispers into her ear, "I want to fuck your brains out." It works just like a magic spell on her. "You aren't supposed to wear underwear with this sort of thing on."

She remembers romance. Dirty thoughts. Masturbating. The chains are practically inside her when he positions her face down.

He removes her bra, and it's a relief. He uses the collar to attach another chain holding her torso bent back. Her nipples have stiffened. There's a red mark on her back where the straps were. He turns her over so her front is revealed to him, then he lets out a little gasp of joy. He pulls down his pants and his penis is hard. The woman in front of him is incapable of moving, and he's about to be inside the honeypot of his dreams. He undoes some of the chains to reveal a glistening wet mound of pink. His cock is so close he can practically feel the perspiration and his dick crying for entry.

Jessy barely caught her breath until after her bra was removed. Her arms felt heavy as lead. From this position, she thinks she can see the metal objects scraping her nipples. But the suit is now too tight, and she can't so much as look down to see her knees. She whines a little, then feels prodding.

A round object is rubbing against her in place of the chains. She didn't notice before but doesn't she feel hot? The metal on her nipples isn't so painful. The soft round object thrusts into her as she finishes this last thought, and she feels it's actually hard as rock.

She doesn't breathe out hard, but she flexes every muscle she can in an attempt to hide how much she enjoyed it, her climax makes her flex her abs hard. She feels an indescribable drenching at the source, her body can't stop moving. She sweats all over and relaxes for a moment her lungs forcing air in. Her inhalation makes a piercing cry, and then her next breath out is a howling. She breathes in and out loudly moaning and gasping, at some point she opens her mouth wide and coughs on her own saliva. She can't grasp the true form of the object inside her as it moves but she feels she was right to trust. She's never felt like this before.

The man took his sweet time pressing his thick head into Jessy. She made a bit of a mess before he managed to spread her. The sweet fluids of her coming off like a film.

He lifts her legs up and finally lets gravity do the work. His cock is squeezed tightly, and a gush of jetting fluid runs out all over his shaft. It feels like he'll be forced out. He hears her catch her breath loudly, and she flexes around him, he can feel her pulling him in from the inside. He pushes in and out, turned on more.

The following day she is there wearing a sailor uniform performing oral with three men having their way with her. She got a picture in the mail, and she keeps it in her study, a memory of her second, third, and fourth time, but most certainly sent by the man to remind her.
    

Third book chapter: A Case of Infidelity

---C3, Scene 2: The Daring Letter

A male cleric offers a plain envelope to a messenger. "Here you are, postage included. Be sure that none other than her eyes view the document contained within." The messenger is a girl wearing a tunic, strapped by a belt with a buckle and another buckle across her shoulder. Her legs are bare from her shoes up to a hemmed short skirt. She has a very thin build and medium breasts. Her legs are very firm, perfectly suited for long-distance trekking. She repeats her party line, "Yes mum, delivery service a hundred percent guaranteed. No errors or bumps. Not a lost message in years since my training ended two months ago."

The clerics look at her like she's stupid, and try to hide their feeling by smiling at her. "See to it." They turn and slink away.

After walking a few minutes and the pair of clerics are around the corner she opens the letter and reads, "Dear. My love. My greatest treasure. I want to fuck your brains out. Pisssnatch!" She stops reading after sputtering out the last word, "Huh? This makes no sense, What kind of sicko is this guy?" Suddenly she is struck by a strange power and feels like she is going to urinate. "Unnh. hnn. uhhh! ah! ahfufuk!" She breathes and holds it in with her hands over her crotch. "Sick fuck. Devilrybitchfucker. I must find the.. person this letter is addressed to, The Magistrate, and warn her.. uhnn!? Comelickmy wet... shithole! What's happening to my body???" Women who go around saying this stuff end up publicly humiliated. She loves the feeling though.

---C3, Scene 3: Uncomfortable Silence

The messenger has arrived but can not deliver her warning to the female magistrate. Her way is blocked. She must instead find a way in by her own means. She travels up a staircase and is teleported to a strange plane of sensual treasures.

There is a statue of a beautiful boy, she leans in toward its loins, the indentations of his cock so well defined, so real. "It's like my friend Tom's." She almost kissed it and leans away. There's another statue, this one less proud looking. A girl with a downcast face, her hair crumbles past her shoulders. An ugly-looking sharpened rod is sticking out of her vagina, what little clothing she wore seemed to be pulled away revealing her flesh, she's holding her breast in the most sexual manner. "Perhaps... a wooden shaft mistake?" At the end of this strange other-worldly corridor is a book, the book is dripping wet, and it opens as she gets closer. The messenger reaches forward and touches the book.

A shockwave of impossible FACT binds her mind and body; she feels it, she smells it, momentarily she forgets what her name is. Then... She is returned to the real world, or, what she perceived was once real. With the book in her arms, she is standing on the top floor of the building. "Key. The key must be here somewhere. What was that just now? No, not now. The key. Fuck fuck my cunt, please. Hohoho-fuck-me." Did anyone hear?

Looking around the back of a bookcase there's a group of men. They're leaning against the wall, it's hard to see their faces. One of them holds something out to her, it looks like a coin so she reaches to take it. She brushes against one of them and she's caught on something. One of the men now positioned behind her is lifting her short, very short skirt. She resists and takes the coin, the man who handed it to her waves as she walks away holding her skirt down. The lively chaps resume quietly talking.

It wasn't a coin, simply a strange rune. It disappears and the book glows, absorbing the power, she thinks. Maybe not so simple. Around the bookcase and in another corner of the room, a body. She grimaces and takes the blade out which is crudely made. It's actually a skeleton, she hits it with the sword as it seems to move and it falls down. Scared, she drops the sword and goes back to the men. "They seemed like a nice group for some reason," that's what she thinks.

Oh god, I'm cumm...fucking skeleton, not in your life, I'm going back to the men.

"Um... you guys. Can you look at this for me..." Suddenly a shock of revulsion strikes her face feels cold, followed by euphoria. The messenger girl falls to her knees and covers her privates. She sweats lightly and blows out air sensually pursing her lips, her nipples protruding. She bites her upper lip to stop herself from making noise. She wets herself, in a feminine way, and her eyes widen like a wild animal as she kicks one leg. The men reach to help her up. She feels like she's pissing herself. Smelly sweet fluids drip down her leg, sweet like honeyed water. The excitement of the men helping her up also passes.

She can't help looking for them while moving away to see their gazes. Oh, that man who grabbed her skirt before is standing behind, again. He saw a little more than the rest, her ass was feeling wet, did he see? He has a boner under his weak cloth. Her wet ass rubs against his boner when he intentionally blocks her way. She lets out a little high-pitched noise and drops her book. None of the men grab it, their faces are shadowy looking and she feels weak. Are they going to, do something?

She must pick up that book, the girl bends forward and her panties are slid down to her knees with one deft motion. Her back knots are unfastened. A thought passes through her, the men have a talent, but not one for bantering and protecting chastity they're going to stick something in every one of her holes, and they're going to tie her to a chair to have their way with her for hours. Her arms are held and her face is held down to a belt. The belt's owner reaches in and pulls the object through the front flap. He rubs it on her face, it feels like a knobby rope. Is the belt it? Will it be the first thing they use on her?

Behind her a man unfastens his pants and begins rubbing 'it' on her ass. "Ah! Ah!" She shouts, zealous for the act to go on. The skin of his cock pulled taught slipping over the head as it grinds over her unburnt anal entrance, her butt gently guiding him in along the middle. Amazingly wet, it slips right in the rear access with zero resistance. "The spell! I'm fucked in the ass! You really fucked my ass!" She proclaimed, persuasively denying her enjoyment, she thinks. Her facial expression threatens to disprove her. The front man violates her mouth with a beastly force, his ballsack slides along her face until she submits, helping him in with her tongue before he wraps his fingers around the back of her head. The third man waits then tells them to stop. They do. But they don't pull out. They wait. He moves around where she can't see him. To her delight and indignity he inserts his cock into the same hole as the other man behind her. They make her sit. The man enjoying fellation on her a moment ago loses his position. Shrugging. The man pulls up her shirt and begins rubbing his dick between and all over her breasts, and makes ludicrous faces, to her accidental laughter or is it her horniness? She absolutely can't get enough of it. How odd. She can see his pleasure each thrust, and each spot she's poked throbs. Her mouths aren't satisfied so she slides her finger along the little trail of pleasure just before her pisser.

They all cum, at different times, and pull out of her. The first one quickly pulls out of her anus and enters her vagina, then one under her shirt, and she can feel it slick her shoulder, then the last also pulls out just to grind the last drop in her vadge. They stand up and return to their positions, each giving her a "thanks harlot" Before letting himself go away from her.

"D...D... Dooon't mention it. Please, forget it. You should come in a girl's mouth if she sucks it." The suddenly beautiful girl says. But there's something... something missing. Didn't they just take advantage of her?

"Hey, I wanted to give you this." The big man who joined with her says... "Yeah I noticed you had something to give me. You all did, my lords. Please give it to me again. No. FUCK... ME!"

He sneers and tosses a gold disk at her, she thinks it's some stupid trinket or bribe like the last thing. Turns out it's a circle bearing cross-cutting marks and strange symbols, she puts it in the Tome which has a nice empty pocket for it.

Oh, she reflects, she didn't get a chance to cum by touching herself. But at least she has some remaining dignity, she pulls the panties back up crooked, liquid still exiting her. It wouldn't do much good to block it. She never wants to see them again. Yes I do I want them. Please let them back in and don't let them out.

The men have a pretty sad look on their faces, "Dude she was all over the floor," the panty grabber argued, "look she left a stain, we did her a favor. That girl was all over it. Your dick touched mine, that's not a shabby trick, she's some kind of dick prodigy." They nod. "What was that crap you kept handing her?" Confused. "Eh, you tip a lady for service right?"

---C3, Scene 4: Jaded Seal

The beautiful, blushing, erotic beauty regained composure, for just one moment. The next thing that happens will surely break her. It'll break me, break me, break me, yes, yes, I want to be a little cun-slick-fucking cock devourer.

A man, seeming so tender was standing in her way. A look in his eyes told tales words can't describe. The power this man had over her was absolute, instantaneously. His erection beckoned, it was huge. She fantasizes now. I can give myself to him. This is a nice quiet place and a handsome sort. Her solitary thought. She walks right up to him, and she smiles. Turning, she flips up her skirt, revealing her bare ass once more. He seemed to smile back. It was hypnotic. His balls are blue, she thinks, the poor thing can't talk.

She gets on her knees. She crawls right over to him. She looks up expecting him to transform into a lewd creature. His erection looks painful! Without hesitation, she shoves her own face down lips wrapped around his cock. She grabs his butt and feels his soft slender body. She sticks out her tongue and licks the tip of his cock. She feels hot, and repeats this several times, then slides her tongue down the shaft so that her mouth wraps all the way around. She tastes some of his cum. A force she can't describe seems to be pushing her head down around this cock. Invisible strings wrap around her wrists, and her arms are bound. The man is sweating heavily. It's like he's exerting himself to no end while being given head, but no cum, try and suck it out harder girl.

The kinky messenger is at the mercy of invisible strings, a force of lust making her pursue this man she just found. It feels like a collar is fastened around her neck. She can't move her arms or her legs, her only focus is on the man, a sense she's in control sustaining her. Slow, steady, tongue movement. It feels like she's being probed. Felt up, and it tickles her belly, it tickles her ears. Her clit is struck hard and she blurts a gurgling shriek in surprise, her saliva drips out around the shaft and on her face.

She wants to escape from this mundane world with the handsome creature and fuck forever in a soft hidden meadow. What she does is she shoves her face down. His fully erect penis was not small by any means, but she wanted to feel him down deep inside her every orifice. A snake-like object thrust into her clit. Others nip and toy with her nipples. Her eyes wind around, the sensations overwhelm her.

The erotic curse on her takes hold, and although she can no longer breathe she fits his entire shaft down her throat. Her body convulses in orgasm, a wicked pleasure crossing her face. Her throat repeatedly flexes, the tongue orally pleasuring him as the suction is audible. Then the tip of his cock swells. It feels like heat at first. Her filling belly signals she's receiving his love directly into it. It fills her throat when her swallowing stops, her cheeks puff out, the cum pours out down her chin. The snake she felt down there releases sperm onto her as well, the feeling against her clit stimulates her to cum. She notices his hands weakly holding her wrists, and she doesn't fight as he finishes.
    
The man reaches in his pocket, and he drops a rune out of it, "Ze-he-kruk... Zeth." He says before his head rolls forwards, exhausted. They part, the sensation of his penis leaving her until she sees it glistening with saliva. The woman leans back and feels her belly, which is swollen like a pregnant woman. She licks her lips. The man is asleep. I'm quite satisfied, is it not the natural order for a woman (pregnant) to leave a sleeping man? She thinks. She nabs the rune and places it in the tome.

---C3, Scene 5: Message Unclear, Translation

She makes her way into a private chamber of a noblewoman. "Milady" she croons erotically. "I need to warn you of a sick pervert. It's most certainly an attempt to make you a lewd mistress who will have sex with anything that moves." Looking down at her belly, "Immoral and pregnant, a stupid whore, a shade of yourself, a stupid dog begging for cock. Milady you look like you're already... oh god, oh god. I'm next. Pleeeaz do me."

The female magistrate is there, bound in chains. Her pussy and ass are gushing cum. Her eyes are covered. She's breathing harshly. She's limp and an abomination of uterus ripping proportions enters her vagina.

The messenger collapses, she plays with her clit, orgasm after orgasm, she can't stop. "Magistrate, I'm cumming! Let's cum together. Ha!" Her body oozes sweet fluids. The monster has the shape of a hulking brutish man, covered in ruby tentacles. Powerless and rapt in ecstasy from the curse, the messenger is played with and enveloped in tendrils along with the other woman. Together they're forced to endure tremendous ejaculations, they're consumed whole, fucked by his insides, then they spit back out. The monster's power overwhelms the senses and the cursed woman performs acts of sex on it as it desires.

The tortured victim who was in the room before never stops fearing, she screams as tentacles enter her every orifice until the orifice is her throat. The massive erections which enter her from behind make her scream in painful orgasm. A second girl has entered the fray, quite stupidly, and although blindfold the girl sounds like a lunatic who enjoys the torment.

Pretty soon the messenger is smiling and performing loving acts on this thing. The tortured woman hits her to try and recover her senses as they're occasionally forced together. The only will remain in either of them soon is to do as the beast demands. Blindfold removed. They're fighting over who is allowed to pleasure it next. Sometimes their arms are bound, and one fights with her tongue while the other shrieks in fright and forces her head down over a foot-long cock. Sometimes they're tied up, gagged, the chains are reused over and over to hold their bodies in positions they can't stand.
    
They sleep on top of the monster, their pussies ready for pleasure every moment. They are eternally bound on the whim of its many dicks, and cannot escape the room.

---C3, Scene 6: Message Received

"Listen freak. Her fate was decided since ages ago." The clerics watch as the two captive women are screwed into oblivion. "You will never hope to outlast the blood god Ze-he-kruk!" His erection lasts as he watches, a vicious gnarly cock with notches, hooks, and barbs with a head engorged.