Continuing from pink alignment
[Pink] Horse, Mindbreak, Ninja, Vore, Gangbang, &Repeat
Foolish Fantasy

His reading slow, his thumb is stroking the tip of his cock, "What if I had a dick like that? Is it creature or spell?" He gets up to find the next chapter. He must know what kind of sex there is. The story can't end there.

After searching for a while he enters the upstairs bathroom. There's a naked woman bathing. He didn't expect to find anyone, but this has happened once before. "Pardon me," he says. She looks and nods her head, she's breathing deeply like she's enjoying herself. "Uh, pardon me. May I join you?" He undoes his pants, forgetting himself. Nobody's there.

He zips his pants and exits the bathroom heading to the master bedroom. Inside there's more erotic artwork hanging from the walls. There's a bill of paper sticking out from one painting. Upon closer inspection, a bunch of horses are getting jerked off, their piston-shaped horsecocks erect in the hands of farmers. Captioned "Equestrian Breeding". Something's sticking up out of it, the next chapter. Oh and the artwork seems way too detailed, an unsigned painting, illegal perhaps, "odd. I'm... going to read the chapter now."

---Chapter 4, Title: The Promise

---C4, Scene 1: Horsegirl?

The painting was drawn by a horse breeder by the name of Jacky. He was delighted at the sight of horses as young as he could remember. He took up the practice of forging images, and with only basic tools he silently mastered his hobby. At a ripe age of thirty-three, he drew his father and his mother breeding horses. He'd watch the amazing animals breed. He got excited by the sight of it each time. Their names slowly blurred together over the years. The difference between an unmated horse and one with untapped energies. The excitement in its cock, its behavior around its own females.

Women often visit to ride, rent, and purchase their horses. One girl long ago caught his eye, a Ms. Gwen Starchild. She had a silly habit of ignoring him and going straight to petting the horses. He could get them better acquainted. Women mount and ride his horses. Men and women groom his horses. Over the years he's grown accustomed to all their behaviors. Someone's fucking his horses. He sweet-talked the clients. There were many, he understood, would let his horses mount them. Bareback, their bodies free without a saddle. The poor darlings can't screw their riders, the clients would take them to secluded places and pleasure the bucks with handjobs and kisses. But what if?!

His easel was readied. He sat down with his craft supply and drew what he watched. A girl Betty Sue, a stupid name, so common, never mind. He watched as a well-tanned girl licked the sheath of his buck, Bellows. His excitement showed, and his cock came out for her to rub her face against. What a great buck, he stood there, taking it, wishing he could fuck the darlings out of her. She removed her top, a stupid-looking thing girls wear. He never wore a shirt, what's the point? There were other women there, names don't matter, they took turns repeating the act of the previous women. Jacky drew the likeness of a woman, and the seed of his friend spilled out on them. He indicated his displeasure by knocking on a piece of wood and pointed to some craftsmanship of his own.

The bench. The women lay on their back and allowed the tip of the horsecock to rub against their clits until they couldn't take it. Next. He demanded, two women could guide the horse's movement better. What an exciting prospect this all was, the horse could crush them, but he was too smart to waste his fucktoys so easily. Between two women, their soft skin stirred up some excitement. The man they serviced slid his phallus from behind between their groins, and it reached their faces. Enough. The women were so excited, breathing heavily. He let them rub the horse's oily cock against their bodies, they removed their pants, their anuses were well used, but couldn't possibly take The Bellows. Stupid. Just move on with it.

More studs come out to greet the women. There are also some farmhands. The women fondle the horses and kiss their testicles. Their erect cocks aren't as big as Bellows. Wouldn't they like to fuck? The moment of truth. The women get into special chambers designed to reinforce the spines of smaller females. Horsegirls, yes, Jacky thinks. It doesn't matter if there are few for now, soon everyone will want one. The farmhands lubricate the women and add female pheromones. After a few pumps of the individual studs, they proceeded to insert. Oh god, this is hot, he begins drawing in detail. The women are excited, and the horse cum, and a horse pulled out already, he can see it spilling out of her, it's too much. Another horse is brought over and they put it in her ass. He can't see their faces. It's too much. They kept saying that. The sperm spilled out of their well-lubricated holes. But instead of giving up the habit, they'd return for more each day.

A woman came in one day, her eyes darting around, afraid she was watched. "Hello, I'd like to be a horsegirl." Jacky couldn't believe his eyes. Gwen. She took to the stable like she was born there, her asshole gaped when the deed was over. He remembers falling for Ms. Starchild. He finished his drawings after a few hours and thought he'd ask her how it was. She replied, "I wish I was born a horse. Then I could have lived like this on your farm." He smiled. A stud filled her belly through her asshole. Her facial expression was difficult to describe, but she wet her lips and drooled as no doubt her insides became engorged with the life seed. Jacky replied, "good girl. I have this carrot for you." And he slipped the head of his cock into her mouth to allow oral sex. She sucked at it like it was a perfectly natural thing until he relieved his lust. He filled a trough of water and then waited for the horses to finish enjoying themselves. He let her roam his ranch, and she was allowed to dress in stupid outfits. This one's desire would make her fertile for the horses. Maybe he just needed more women who live like horses.

Bellows was limited to breeding grown-up mares. But maybe one day, a steed like Bellows could impregnate a half-horse half-human weremare of some kind?

---C4, Scene 2: The Pitcher

A bronzed-skinned girl in black cloth is fellating a very dark-skinned muscular man with a cock over sixteen inches. Her eyes aren't even visible, covered by a cloth. Only her lips and chin. She holds his cock with a black-clothed glove. She tries licking. She tries sucking at the tip. She rubs her lips along the shaft and sucks the head. She pushes her own head down to swallow it all, joyful tears pool in her eyes, her face unseen to her man. Cum for me baby, I want it, she wants it. Her tongue rolls along the shaft, enjoying the mouthfeel and massaging him inside her throat.

He gently rolls a finger and strokes her clothed cheek before suggesting, "Maybe we should see other people." She is fearful, and can't speak, but he has heard her say it before. She gags trying to recite the words anyways, "No I don't want anyone but you. You make my pussy so wet. Put a baby in me and we can be together forever. I can't think of anyone but you." He has a truly devilish look on his face blowing his man-chowder, and she sighs and her eyes close. His acceptance of her worthless body was all she needed. He spoke, and her eyes immediately opened to show her attention, "Go find the object I truly desire. You can suck my cock all you want then. It will change both our worlds, make our enjoyment real again."

---C4, Scene 3: The Shadow

A ninja walks through the dark desert, she discovers pillars that teleport her into a hidden temple. There's nothing but men lying on the ground and a path forward. She takes it. She is teleported to a strange plane enshrining three mysterious figures and a tome.

There is a statue of a beautiful boy, his toned body looks like it could work for hours in a vigorous thrust, the sex would be mesmerizing should he fuck a woman with his sensual figure. He's not so different from her. "There is no one for me but him." There's a girl with a hopeless visage, something has destroyed her womanhood, and she grasps one breast in despair, failing to fight her terrifying climax. Her muscles suggest it was deliberate. But her body language run counter to pleasure, a cold chill ran down Nin's spine at the thought of it, "I feel like her now. What a strange dream. Am I stuck here?" There is one more, a girl with belts on. "Curious dress." The belts are stylish, covering her genitalia. Perhaps a bit of a leather fetish. Towards the back, there is a tome, and then she knew of their stories, that woman was a virgin so long, and now she fucks like a porn star. Her pussy ran from the heat of the memory and...

She returns to the real world, the men stand around her, looking delighted at her. "Time for fun ey? Let me guess. You saw me and thought, I should go fuck that little woman." They surround and touch her all over, through her cloth. "I'm not enjoying this." She says, their penises in view. She undoes her sash and displays full-frontal nudity. She's not too bad, give her a 'D'. She thinks, I don't want to have sex with these men, why am I leading them on? She feels their cocks pulsing under her gloved hands when they slipe them in, stiffening quickly to the sight and touch of her. One pulls at her sash preventing her from covering up. She's on her knees jerking them off. They cum all over her exposed breasts and her mask. "Ugh, it's hard to see." They remove her mask revealing features of her face they're unaccustomed to in that region. Her skin is comparably pale, compared to theirs, untainted by the searing sunlight during her long search, her tan lines faded and her skin lightened. She's able to service three at once with her mouth exposed now. She's able to subdue them easily. "Their skill is too low, I'm a bigger slut." Shit, don't. She's smelly from pleasuring them. Some of their cum shot out along her breasts, and she was certain she would swallow it all. "I shamed myself. My boyfriend. Hey, mister, where did you put my mask?" No mask. Without that and her gi loosened she looks like a woman half-naked in a bathrobe with her bare cumtits in the wind.

---C4, Scene 4: The Catcher

She continues on and encounters one man in a dark hallway. "Another, but you're much prettier than the others. Can you speak?" No response. "Alright if you're going to just stand there." She attempts to walk past him. Glomp. "You just grabbed my chest! No don't grab my butt. Get off." He just pushes her over and falls on her, surprisingly light. She puts him in a headlock and easily beats him physically. "You want to stop now right? Ok, I'm letting you up." He shoves his tongue in her mouth trying to kiss her, she knees him and throws him to the side. "Ugh. I prefer to put cocks in my mouth." Ninja girls rule. "What's that? I feel like kissing him again. Come here, big boy." She puts her lips against his, mhm, there's something coming from inside, a tentacle reaches down her throat, the familiar sensation of fellatio causes her to reflexively swallow. Her perversion advanced beyond measure having pleasured someone much more difficult to handle, for years. They stand, her passion overwhelming momentarily, a large thing caressing her insides. She pushes away, the 'tongue' coated white flips out and then retracts. She runs to the end of the corridor without a word. What was it? Men don't have things in their mouth, was her boyfriend holding back?

Inside are three women. They interrupt her. The man she evaded comes up from behind. Trapped. Pussy seething wet pleasure. All four have long tongues they slide along her body, offering seductively, she gives in and allows their passionate deepthroating kisses. Her clothing slowly comes off from their gentle mysterious touch. She's at the precipice of orgasm and can't fight it. Soon they have her undressed. The first woman who takes her presses her pale-shaven vulva to the ninja's lips, forcing her head down low she can see a well developed clit and her nose rubs against it. Like this her ass is exposed to the others, she's only played with it a little, her lover never willing to spend much time there. The shape of the anus muscle has only begun to take on definition. They probe around her anus and gently touch her glutes. The first woman orgasms greedily at the deadly kiss, she bites her lower lip and releases herself inside the hot mouth as she feels a small wet tongue try to go in. The pussy juices overflow onto the girl's face and she closes her eyes a moment too late. Years of sucking dick, and a woman's never aroused my desire, now she's cum all over my face.

Nin is pushed onto her elbows, someone holds her hands together and a heavy weight is on her forearms, tits are in her face.  The man slides his erect penis into her. She thinks it's him, and she thinks it's his penis. He slides himself in and his face rubs against one breast in view. He comes closer to her ear breathing, his tongue starts to probe her ear. "No, you're going to make me cum." His lips graze them and pass by, his tongue curves around to enter her mouth, somehow his mouth still slips around the back of her ear, she can feel his teeth and she accepts his 'kiss' sucking at the glans from inside before he slides his tongue deeper in. His dick hardens and pumps something into her, he removes his tongue, and another woman has the ninja suck at her clit. The man is cumming in her and she can only furiously scream her orgasm into the vagina of another woman when her face is ground deeper in wet snatch. The woman cums and it's like a torrent of sweet jelly all over the cunt sucker's face. Unable to see, she feels tendrils creep along tickling her bottom, one enters her anus with surprising ease bringing her to the edge of anal release as if she might cum from the feeling of it, but it's too gentle. The one on her is sliding along her face until the pussy she just ate out was covering her nose momentarily, and then the woman slowly stood granting an enjoyable view of her ass.

She's out of breath. But she wants to say something. They insert their tongues into her vagina, sucking at her clit to make her cum. They do this for hours. She's too worn out by the end, she's left in a sixty-nine position with the male she tried to escape earlier until he finally shoots a load into her mouth. He forces her to orgasm with his fat juicy tongue-that-might-be-a-cock shoved deeper than she could have, not unlike his dick he shot loads into her and all over her with it. How many dicks? How many ways is she getting fucked today? She even had sex with women, how about that?

She's back home, having sex with her boyfriend. She's in the heat with him, they're sucking on each other's privates. "You've never done this before, how, how are you so good?" She asks. But the illusion doesn't last. In fact, she's very much aware that the thick, long slimy thing in her can't be her boyfriend. She pulls her head up and her sensitive spot down below sends a shock of pleasure while a wave of cum enters her mouth. Her little face buries into his crotch while she cums. A gush of cum enters her vagina.


---C4, Scene 5: Fateful Loss

The ninja escaped and four creatures like scorpions come out to greet her. She's unable to bat them off as they clamber onto her. Her clothes are gone. They have easy access to her slamming body. "The grip of this thing!? Haaa! Urk, gurgle nni," splurt, squelch, no longer vocalizing but making throaty noises from its pistoning tail, it shoves a dripping hot bulbous stinger down her throat, minus the sharp point at the end. It's a dick, this thing's dick is in deep. It cums repeatedly and her throat bulges every few seconds from it flexing the tail inside. One on her back feeling for an entrance. Another enters her pussy easily, holding her thigh. She reflexively tries to push it off and another slides right into her anus. The one on her face pulls out, and the jizz exits with it. Her tits and mid-drift are groped, her soft form unable to resist their strength. Another one latches onto her face and ejaculates down her throat repeatedly. The silly naked girl finds herself in another dimension once she wakes up, what lies in wait makes her sweat with anxiety. She can see everything. "I'm not going to have sex with," she can't finish. She looks up, seeing something like a Goliath. "I can't have sex with you." He's too far to hear her, but she couldn't be sure without trying. Her vagina runs wet in anticipation, her eyes are tearful.

Her soft naked flesh against hard pavement. She tries to escape the dimension only to encounter that very beast, its two cocks and unusual form. It wrestles her, she can't fight it. It hugs her inside its own body ass first where its hidden magics lie, penetrating her senses. It grabs her arms and holds them up behind her head forcing her back to arch. She has some time to understand, she will be fucked, and she will enjoy it. The embarrassing look she has, waiting for it to happen, nothing she can do or say will change a thing. Look at me. I'm a sex doll on a rack, she thinks but before she can say it, her mouth goes wide and her senses focus on the probing sensation, wordless to demand anything from such a force like this beyond her control. The strange cocks within its hollow core easily find their way partly inside her and begin a sexual act of slow, careful penetration. She repeats an elated noise, betraying her enjoyment. It cums generously, even at her entrance the stuff entering finds its way deep into her, something not quite like what she recognized. They remain like that for some time, their warmth mingling, she's almost dozing off while bordering on climax. Her eyes roll up while she orgasms.

Something probes her widening her asshole every few seconds and her reflex to push it out allows its smooth entry. She feels like she must push it out. Her stomach contracts, then twitches, making her feel sickly for a moment, and then full. Breathing through her nose for fear of what's coming. A muffled scream comes out and she flexes her stomach. Snaking ghostly tendrils exit her mouth, it feels like her body's completely out of her control. Her training kicks in. She feels the moment to enjoy the head of a man's cock (her man), not intentionally enjoying it she still calms down, her muscles relax, and with a gulp, she nasally vocalizes, "Mmhmm, mmm!" The beast slowly slides out of her, the sensation of it grating her bundle of anal nerves. She sticks her tongue out to lick the head when it touches her lips, confused, it grew fatter after exiting, the ridges touched her lips as they passed, she likes this, she likes this a lot. Something hot in her pussy, not moving, she tries to stimulate an orgasm by rubbing her legs, failing. The head and the tentacle reemerge out her throat slowly. Then goes back in. It does this for a while, then pulls back a little more. Her esophagus feels full of thick goop as it slickens, her tongue and drool secreting outside her mouth as bile builds up. It goes down and she reflexively swallows and lets out her approval, "Mmmmm. Good." A torrent of cum enters her stomach which pours out her mouth after the goops its ethereal cock left is pushed out. It continues to slide out and fills her bowels. Her sphincter repeatedly contracting feels like it's being sucked on while it slides out her anus. She'd praise it more but she's unable to speak for now. Her full stomach issuing energies which radiate through her body, it's impossible to stay focused or fully acknowledge what was happening. Drool and creamy viscous diffusions of energy in cyan, pearl, and white pour out down her hanging tongue. She feels really great.

Her uterus was undisturbed, allowing her to focus on her anus when she returned to a state of mind, until, that is it began a propeller motion inside. She could feel the vibrations deep into her mother's womb. She thinks of some kind of corkscrewing Cock. I love it, please don't let this feeling stop, she can't quite say it, but she thinks it heard her anyways. The surrounding shifts and it exits her uterus, causing yet another revolt of energies. Her ass is penetrated, yes again, and the object finds purchase in her. It gradually works its way through. It exits her mouth slowly rotating a feeler, more solid than the tendrils which poured into her sooner. She can't speak, this is it, this is the thing, the thing that it tried to impregnate her with. It's twisting around and around, was it lost? It spins a little faster and she feels the edge where it's beginning to spin at. It retracts and she feels the tip of it playing against her tongue. Her gag reflex, something uncommon for her, manages to kick in as it pulls inwards ever so slightly tickling her throat, and staying there repeatedly forcing her to swallow and pushing her open. A thickness stretches her asshole wider, a little wider, until she feels it make it through, the thick bulge rest in her stomach. Her stomach has an obscene roundness to it thanks to this. A gout of cum exits her mouth and the thing in her throat spins faster overcoming her ability to hold it down. It then continues sliding deeper down her throat and slowly out of her sensitive place. She's continuously gagging and coughing out cum as it stirs her up inside, and releases more of it so she'll have another load ready to exit every few minutes. Until it exits the propeller doesn't stop. It lets her arms go and somehow its insides push her out allowing it to grab her hips. It places her down on the hard ground to rest.

Soon, she recovers. On her knees, she sucks at it. That thing it just did to her, at the beginning. Why was it so good? She can't explain. It keeps a hold of her head, not quite forcing her. She keeps sucking at it, this is her domain, she asserts her thoughts now and she hears a disapproving burr. It pushes her face in headfirst. It wraps her head in its folds, her neck soon buried inside the creature, it's still fucking her throat. She moves her arms to grasp and push away until her shoulders slip inside. They're worn out, her arms become pressed to her sides. It puts more tendrils, so much into her throat and her belly fills with something she can't recognize too fast, it's squirming around. Her knees bent it grabs her legs forcing them to expose her ass. The tentacles exit her ass. She feels the stuff go down. The tentacles retract and her belly fills. Again. It's doing it again. Its fluids and energy combined spill out of her while she reflexively stops the flow, and relaxes to let it out, relieving her colon. It repeats this a few too many times, how long has it been? She didn't need to breathe, she has it nourishing her directly. She's smiling happily, drunk from the energy it put into her.

She's tired, but so is it. It starts to chant. "You can talk?" She demands, smiling. Shackles of light grab her, she barely moves, falling to her side. It kneels down and takes her on her side shocking her with magic bolts of electricity. The pleasure is indescribable, but the feeling she has towards this thing now, no she can't be thinking of it that way. It toys with her like this until it is ready for many more penetrations of this never-ending fuckable ninja maiden.

She thinks, it won't stop. The stuff it's doing to me, it's not trying. I was wrong. I love it. It's breeding her again from the seated position, she has a chance to reason, "I can't do this forever. Oh no, my boyfriend. I've had so much sex. He'll leave me. You can be my boyfriend. Glu-ehk!" Its tentacle exits her mouth, then retracts slowly forcing her to orgasm while throatily expelling its seed. It goes further in. Then she must fight for her freedom. She twists her insides when she feels the next bundle of cum build-up at the base of her spine before it can even start stretching her inside. The interior finished adjusting to allow loads of spunk to nourish her. This causes the tip to reflexively jerk and a short struggle later, it exits her, ruining its orgasm. She's able to slip out as it seems to lose strength at her sudden show of force, "Naked girls have power, not just sucky. Eh? It's all over me. What have you been putting in me?" The load from its ruined orgasm covers her body, already slimy from being inside it the stuff mixes all around. She gets on a rune circle and teleports out, covered in its ethereal jizz, slime, and very seductive energies trailing through her, the immaterial shackles worn off. "I'll miss you!" She blurts out, and covers her face. Stupid! I'm admitting that?

She returns to a place where she can rest her mind. Her mouth slightly ajar, she's so blissed out, drool mixed with the remnant of its energy pool below.

---C4, Scene 6: She Loses Again

She escapes, not dealing with the scorpions again, and gets into a hallway. Once again a sleeping man lies. "This going to be another horny hung cock, I know it." I better hurry before he wakes up. She picks up a sharp sword and admires it. The man is standing up behind her already when she turns. "Get back. Heh. I'm armed." So is he. "I'm serious, I have trained to fight." They clash swords. She knocks him down. "Everyone else but you has already tapped this ass. What is your problem?" He closes his eyes and a mass of smoky tentacles erupt from his body glowing yellow and green. She tries to get up but is already wrapped. "Fuck. Fuck. Fuuck me I love swallowing."

She's with her boyfriend, they're passionately making out. He slides his tongue in, and it keeps moving, it hits deeper than that strange beast. He inserts his penis. She thinks, this is what it's all about. But I really do enjoy sucking on his cock. His penis moves, and she quakes from passion. It's coming. It's coming in my mouth, I just have to want it badly enough.

She wakes up, smoky rivulets exit her eyes and she forces herself off the body of the man. A large cock exits her, when did he? It moves like a snake. It leaps off the man and tries to penetrate her. She grabs the sword and it latches on and starts grinding its barbs straight into her cunt. No time to think, too late, her orgasm loosens her grip and it goes deep inside. "Oh no." Is she pregnant? She can't force it out, it's going deeper, making her horny. Her eyes glow yellow.

She stands up, takes the man's armor, and moves on. Her new cock fills her weakened mind with desires of the flesh.

---C4, Scene 7: Decreased Difficulty

A girl wearing full ninja gi enters an antechamber. There's something inside. A handsome man. But he's possessed, pulsating in yellow energies. She can sense the aura of sheer lust emanating from him. There's nothing else but to ask him, to find out the nature of this temple. His insidious gaze is what makes her wet before she can drop a single question. A tendril whips out and seems to grab her pussy. She slaps it away. In an instant it has her, a force of energy runs her through and she's on her knees gasping from the immensity of the climax. It's been too long since she last spoke with her boyfriend.

He steps closer now. His energy seeps into her. He gently touches her. His one good arm props him above her and insidious tendrils smoke and blackened that come out of his clothes cover her entirely. She's racked by climax after climax before he even touches her. The sensations of her body letting go, and her senses being violated. The smoke enters her lungs. She passes out. She feels herself being stripped naked. He whispers into her. What he says she can't hear, 'Illmuire', he hands her a rune that she places in the tome. She pulls up her face mask and exhales smoke. She thinks her underwear is missing.

She finds a very big sword. Then a bunch of guys come in and they each take turns shooting loads onto her masked face until she removes it. They then shoot loads onto her exposed face until she's completely covered. She attempts to suck them and her body is slowly exposed, more cum gets all over it.

There's a very large one with a spiky phallic dick. He uses her like a masturbatory aid. The barbs pull at her insides until she thinks he'll pull her inside out. Another with a similar issue comes over and she tries to suck him off. His cock is crammed down her throat, they spitroast her with their giant cocks, giving her all their seed until she cums. She's too exhausted to move on, and soon she's covered in fluids. They double penetrate her. Two snaking creatures she thought were mere cocks move around, and begin stirring her insides. One coils up inside her fallopian tubes. The other moves into her intestines.

She moves on. While examining a wall something latches onto her and inserts itself inside her ass. She's able to pull it off, the bulbous tip audibly pops out of her, cum squirting, and she hastily evades it into the next room.

Another corridor, not looking where she's going, she runs into another attractive stranger. A woman. Too close, she thinks, she already grabbed me. Both her arms, full of energy, she encases Nin in smoke and tendrils. Whispers promises of pleasure in her ear. She's so horny, she won't let go this time, this encounter will definitely defile her like the rest of the things. But she lets go as if to rest. She could spend an eternity here, letting her lust overcome her mind. "No. I can't let you control my emotions." She says and keeps running past. She gets infinitely hornier feeling the gaze of that woman on her.

---C4, Scene 8: The Ultimate Bang

She's found the treasure, it looks like a devil. But it vanishes and a wall cuts off her exit.  A group of men and women are entering the room and undressing as if it was required. "This is our domain," they seemed to be gloating, "It can be yours if you pay with your body." The strongest one says. Prepared for anything, Ninja nods. They commence each one taking her oral and shooting wads of cum onto her masked face. She's finally tired of it and leans over a pedestal taking them in her pussy. So much sperm, but she doesn't hesitate. There are stronger ones in back. What are they waiting for? She wonders.

"Foolish. Do you think you can outlast us?" They haven't even made her cum yet. This is nothing. The stronger ones advance. The ninja smirks, her past experience comes flooding back, this was just foreplay in another life. They pick her up off the pedestal and press her against the barrier roughly. It sends chills of discomfort causing her body to twist and jerk away. "Now we're talking," she says, moments before a hand presses her face in. The shock from the barrier is slight. The women are putting things into her vagina repeatedly. "Hah, those toys aren't..." She gets a good look at one 'toy', blood-red cocks, anatomically, they're "dicks." One after another they take turns cumming into their bonded sex slave. "They certainly are." One of the fucking cult-like women says a look of laughter in her eyes, "Now, cum while screaming." A very thick ribbed cock drags along her clit before inserting inside her. "Hu Hu. This is one of those dick monsters." The one fucking her leans closer, and tries to turn her voice ugly despite the beauty on her face, "Glory to Ze-he-kruk." She slaps the tight little ass as it flexes around her cock, and jackhammers her ninja toy until a sweet sound comes from her mouth. Her mouth is open, breathing, her face and hair are pretty screwed up. They rest against the force field sweatily until the big throbbing cock is milked by her, slippery cunt.

Nin gets up, a trail of cum leading from her sore behind to the pedestal. Her gangbang orgy seems to have ended. A creature emerges from the air. It's a seething muscular beast with a huge neck, its sweat vaporizing to a fog of vapor. He's a bonafide beefcake. She looks lower, expectant. It has something there, but its anatomy is beyond her understanding. "What a big pony you are." She's unarmed, just her body against it. The giant easily overpowers her with a single arm, he guides her to a pedestal his two horse-sized cocks emerge from sheaths. He inserts them halfway with no resistance, his entry entirely desired. "Were you waiting? The women just now, you could have joined in." He straps her to his waist and gets on all fours. His intent on balls-deep penetration is resisted by something inside her. This really does resemble a woman being taken by a horse, two horse cocks? Shit, she can't wait. She has nothing to do but enjoy every moment. He puts a finger in her mouth and makes a shushing sound, and places something instead of his finger in her mouth to prevent her from asking any more. Her vocabulary was reduced to grunts, shrieks, and guttural ululations. Red power begins flowing out of the hulk, her muscles work overtime taking the force of him. The only thing that concerned her was that she was probably ten feet off the floor when he stood up to fix her straps holding her back against him. His ballsacks sag and feel wet against her legs as the enormous dicks bore into her slowly distending her belly.

He rocks her sliding the two pistons in and out then picks up the pace until she's bouncing. Her tits, not so big, her ass well trained, her pussy raw and stretched from the girth of him. He puts her back on a pedestal. Now she can try to push back. She thrusts herself along the shafts only to feel her strength wain as he plunges into her womb, further than any man would be allowed. She tries to cast a spell but the thing in her mouth garbles heh, fucking hindsight, a spell would have saved her. For several minutes the only thing coming out of her mouth was muffled screaming as he picked up the pace, her entire body moving against her will and the energy pouring into her.

They move over to the barrier. Fuck this. Fuck you. She wanted to say. He removes the object from her mouth, but not until she was an inch from contact. The force of her body pressed down stretches the barrier like a net, and as he cums into her the force makes cum exit her mouth onto the magic wall. She tips her head up because the semi-solid form of a wall was reflecting the cum as it exited her mouth. Now her neck and tits are pressed against a solid object sending ticklish shocks into her as the cum pours down sliding along her bare naked body. Some gets on her face and hair from this new angle, it wasn't her fault. He releases her bondage and grabs one of her arms, holding it behind her back while he vigorously pumps, all the while a sustained pressure of cum flows through her and out her until he's finished.

She recites a healing chant and it recovers her strength. "Good spell. My energy is back. Maybe I can fight."

He picks her back up and swallows her feet first, just like that. Slowly sinking down the watery cavernous gullet of the thing she can see nothing but a pool of liquid-like saliva she was about to submerge into. The air in her lungs escapes her as she feels its insides wrap around her even tighter. Things inside it wear her legs out, too fast, and something enters her pussy and ass. "Again, I'm getting fucked again. I can't do anything." She breathlessly says. She can't convince herself it was unwanted though. Her shoulders slip under and something plays with her breasts. The ticklish sensation gives her a start and she sinks under not with a cry for help but a giggle. She wakes up inside it, something's filling her lungs with a breathable substance. She emerges from his maw and utters a primal cry as wet and frothy cum exits her foamy mouth. He regurgitates her, the inner workings of it emerge momentarily still gripping her soft tits and encircling her body. Something like saliva is coating her. She's helped down to the floor gently. Cum shoots out her asshole and vagina when she finally relaxes. Her body quickly recovers thanks to the energies running through and spells enchanting her.

Relieved she thinks. Done. The reward.

The hulk holds her shoulders. He's so strong. Her small shoulders fit in its big hands. His head faces her face. He lifts her up like a doll and cups her breast with the mouth that swallowed her. The suction of it. He plays with her other nipple. Its tentacles come out to play and her face is pressed into its mouth, its erect cocks support her body. He fingers her butt and squeezes, stealing every last sensation from her body for his enjoyment. He shoves her face partly into his mouth. A deep kiss, very deep, the stuff inside fucks her mouth like a pussy. He fingers her clit bringing her close. No no too deep. His inner tendril emerges out her ass, resembling a big fat mushrooming dickhead growing out of her butt. Stupid ninja. I can't believe you. He attempts to pull back but the blooming head prevents re-entry. So the man slaps her ass to make her let go. Instead, they keep going at it like this until he pulls her back into his mouth headfirst. Her face was directly against the spot that serviced her vagina and ass before. There was something forcefully grabbing her face and playing with her nose. Only her ass and his ejaculating dick stick out while he grips her, he fingers her pussy, and works her glutes with his fingers until she's sore and red. The swelling dick can finally relax and make its course out. He's very satsified, she passed the test.

---C4, Scene 9: The Ultimate Treasure

There's a pedestal with a green angel with a forked tongue that seems to be stimulating its own clit. The other two are empty. She begins to reach for it.

A man's voice, "My little sex ninja. We'll be able to endure centuries if you come to me." This took her by surprise and she turns to the sound. "You're my lover. What happened? Are you, dead?" What is his name anyways? Forget-nin, she unintentionally smiles at the thought of why she can't remember. He seems to disagree with the shake of his head. Did he see how many guys she just laid? He elaborates. "Shit happens. I fucked a girl. She banished me to this plane of existence, it's not important. Look, bitch, here's the deal, we can't have that. We can stay the fuck right here, we'll be dank together yo." That two-timing. She wants to laugh and only manages to say, "Oh please. Yes. I've felt loved beyond measure recently. You're my forever, daddy." His cock slips into her mouth after she rubs it, nice and hard, her tongue wraps around the shaft, the familiar feeling of him. She's a complete masochist anyways, a familiar thing like this can't scare her. He told her her big mouth was good for two things. The sexcapade he sent her on playing in her mind. Now that they're bound to this place, soon the others come back to fuck. He'd find out eventually.