Continuing from pink alignment
[Cherry] Angel Tits, Enchantment, Forced Mate, Taming

He stops and says, "Uhh. Uhh! I'm not really cumming. No. Not yet. Oh shit." He came to his senses with a tinge of distaste for his grandfather after this.

Was sex just a mechanical process? Random chambers of sperm and eggs firing like gunpowder, intent on impregnating women? This man he reads of couldn't truly have read the entire tome, to be left with such trivial desires. He was a total failure. He spent his days trying to get the attention of the press, so they could 'Meet his goddess,' he'd say. He failed to accurately name a woman, suggesting she was the ulti-mate, the next evolution of man. He kept reciting a delusion of someone frail, floating, impressionable yet ancient, featureless like a painting, with dozens of pussy entrances, remarkable in some way. He drew pictured bestial and impregnated women but he wasn't prolific in the slightest in his work. Each day he looked more exhausted until he became reclusive. Who could have guessed? No! It's not really happening, sex is for love and enjoyment, he won't become like that old fart.

He finds a drawer, it has a pretty obvious marker on it.

---Chapter 6, Title: A Journey Into Dankness

---C6, Scene 1: Such Pretty Words

Dread Witch is speaking to Zeth through the summoned portal, "I don't know where the prostate of a frigging giant monster with hundreds of tentacles is. Do you expect me to climb in there? If anything he crammed it up one pussy and never took it out. It's every man's dream. He's been cumming endlessly inside her since."

"Excuses. Without me. You're nothing but ass... and tits. Nothing more. So find it." His emotion is imperceptible through the portal, but she's pretty sure Zeth has a hate boner for her, that's something.

"How do you expect me to find something he could have hidden, in any place? It could be anywhere."

"Find the prostate or another will. You can suck my dick once you do. You can suck my dick when I'm there anyway, warlock." Her mouth waters, eager for such an honor, and the mana he possessed imbuing her body would grow a hundredfold were she to swallow every last drop. "Back to the temple my liege? I'm doing it." She thinks hard, smiling to cover up her anger. Where'd the temple go? All her knowledge of ancient war and combat fails to measure up. With the insect-like rate at which the planet has birthed humans, she was once human. Never mind, I better ask for help. They must have something, what do the mortals use these days if they're lost, compasses?

---C6, Scene 2: Angelic

A hypermasculine, rugged, heavily tanned, well-equipped, total man-cake wearing a brimmed hat, leather, guns, whips, and a stern smile enters. His barely notable colleague is with him, but he's pretty sure she's a woman dressed like a man. The rugged man walks over to an engraved pillar and reads the inscription before exclaiming. "This is it, the temple, it's been here all along. We found it. We're finally here! We can retire wealthy." The other person speaks, "That we can. I might just help you retire early." She grabs the other man from behind something hard pokes his lower back. "Stop it. I let you sleep with me for warmth one time too many." The woman steps back and disrobes everything but a form-fitting metal corset resembling abs. She speaks, "Don't think you'll escape." She perks up one eyebrow staring a bit lower than one with a look of disdain would and backs away before slowly pivoting, she brushes her hair aside revealing her nape. Was she coming onto him? He can see every curve on her semi-nude body with some armored points on it, as though armor was just for show anyway. His attention is wrested away from her legs by what he initially thought was a figment of his imagination.

An angelic creature, uh, a looker, a lady, he corrects himself, with incredible dazzling beauty enters the temple covering herself with wing ornaments covered by red feathers. Her red hair is done in a Romanesque hairstyle crowned and curls on top. The two women meet briefly and their hips touch. The new one's actually a head shorter, but she has a bottle shape, big round bottom, thick thighs. The first woman there holds the angel's body and they careen in a circle until she's facing back to him, red lingerie he sees, bra-straps and garter belt holding nothing, it barely covers a thing from view, then she gives a 'humph' and speaks, "I'll let her deal with you. I'm sick of your kind with your chivalry and prudish qualms." But while she's saying that she 'helps' the woman against the entrance doorjamb with light shining in. She looked for a moment like she was going to molest the other woman. Their silhouetted forms from an angle made his heart thunk. She proceeded until the other girl was fully exposed, it pushed him over the edge. Massaging the pussy lips and spreading them so he can see way too much he might not be able to stop himself from enjoying it, but be damned if he'll cum with his pants on, he holds his legs together. Before she leaves, the physical woman also turns, to provoke him. The door closes behind. He looks her up and down as she very slowly steps towards him. His dick is really hard, and he's wearing tight pants. Her eyes are dazzling like rubies. Her neck, shoulders, slim, down to her waist. Her nose is slightly pronounced. Her mouth seems to curve, with a cupid bow upper lip, her chin is quite small, her lips have taken shape. She's already within reaching distance and she opens her wings and curves her head back. He can see her breasts, big, he thinks. D-cups, even bigger, like a milkmaid. The woman has a fit body, and the perkiness of them is uncanny. He stares between the breasts, they don't quite collide in the middle. What are these clothes she's wearing? He stares down to her pubic area, the clit is well pronounced, just a little red pussy hair, she's got something on her legs, her hand is right there in his sight now, feeling him, undoing his front flap. The shaft of his cock fills her hand, it reaches up to her belly button, slight size difference, such a cute little thing. The curvature of her belly is very nice. Her wings gently brush against his back. His cock stiffens like it's about to shoot a load against her soft belly, it engorges and the tip of it enlarges touching her stomach. "Oh. Oh heaven. Oh, it's been so many months of travel." The head of his cock rubs against her clit while he lifts her. He looks up and sees her pleased expression, and amazing red lipstick. There's a sensation of intense pleasure on the surface of his glans.

She moves her head forward gently and he feels her breath in his mouth. Would a kiss be alright? Her hair is bright red. He's positive he could cum if she keeps moving, so he reaches up to gently dissuade her, and chat her up a bit. Let a little romance bloom before they seal it with a kiss. One of her legs lifts up and grabs around him, huh, the other follows and her wings spread up. A single jerking motion and he's sheathed him up inside against his will. His sensitive cock feels like it's cumming but also like he has to piss from being startled so badly, a sweet sensation, her wings fall down and cover his back again. She puts her arms around his back and applies more pressure to his back. He can feel his sperm draining out of him into her before he even recognizes he wasn't in control, the relief is immeasurable. One long sustained load of cum pours out of him for a minute-long before he felt his cock was just a stiff pulsating point within the dankness of a mysterious cooter. She continued to hold him, stroking his back, the warmth of her consuming him inside her by draining him. Mentally reassuring him to accept his fate with a lovely woman like her, she'll take good care of him. The soft feeling of her breasts wasn't bad either, he was willing to bed her properly should she allow it, his dick was still stiff and he didn't even manage a howdy-do before putting the iron in the fire.

Enough. "Enough," he says. "If you would accompany me. We can discover the temple, together." No response. "If you wish to be my companion." No response. "You only need release me from your loving feathers." Nope. It's as if she was here for a singular purpose, and it ended once he was in her. Actually, the rate she relieved him of his sexual tension was absurd. She continues to hold him, his cock continues to remain hard. He tries helping her off, they end up on their sides, comfortably resting on a stony floor. He begins probing around her body, for something, a tickle, a way to get her off without hurting her. This won't work. "You're quite lovely. Just," he can't help pause at the thought of forcing her against her will, and to stop attempting to mate with him at that, "your beauty will spoil me terribly." And the feeling of her pinched around the base of his cock was also quite intoxicating.

He tries, for nearly two hours, he tries. He has three more orgasms, each time the woman moved to force him to cum as though she could sense when his refractive period ends. No option left but to forget himself, he starts thrusting into her, still hard. He feels her body now, not just to escape, but to make her feel his strength, bending her to his will. She was loosening for a moment, her grip, her vaginal entrance let the blood escape his cock, but she recovered and grabbed him with her pussy again. He takes her wrists and pushes her arms away, but her wings hold her to him in that case. He pushes the wings, they're too strong, it's like they'd never quit. He can't move her legs. Her breasts? Soft, like a regular woman. He can't evade her from this 'distance' and all that's left is he can betray the promise he once made. He slaps her breasts repeatedly and she starts to grimace, they're so big, he bites one nipple and suckles at the sweet taste of her raw tender flesh. Was that a noise of enjoyment from her? The silent angel fucking him wasn't completely silent, her tits must be how she masturbates if people aren't around, he should use it. He sucks as hard as he can, nipple extends with his tongue roll, he rolls it around, he carefully grinds his lips so the suction marks don't take too quickly but the shape of her pronounced milk ducts and areolae was well defined. He felt her nipples resisting, but succumbing at the same time. This made him want to screw her even harder to boot. Her wings beat and she pushes him away. "Hahaha. I have you bested." He looks at his sore dick, the sensation of it, he's not sure if it'll hurt later, but cumming into her was all he could think of, despite finally escaping.

A voice in his mind speaks, "You can't win. Cum in her and want her more. Every touch will make you weak. You must rely on your instinct," trapped, I must run, he thinks, "Are you dense?" The voice inquires, "I'm telling you she's a bonafide cake. It's your birthday." He escapes out of the room with the mocking voice luring him back to an impeccably fine angel who'd mate him for life, no doubt, and enters another plane of existence.

---C6, Scene 3: Pantheonic

Uncanny. This is like a pantheon, with statues of figures in two rows. Nothing but statues.

There's a figure of a woman there, he's unable to determine age or race. Quite fit, braided hair, surprisingly finely combed. He touches the statue all over. One of the forged hands grips her breast. Perhaps she's masturbating or under distress. He examines her lower, there's some carving implying an object is deep insider her, like a toy or a false penis. He spends a long time examining the details and perceives battle wounds, deep creases suggesting her age, the wear of her skin, or exposure to sunlight. There's a certain sexual denial about it all, in spite of her defloration, up to that point she was all warrior.

He sees a statue of a smooth-skinned male, in his twenties. He examines it. The work of art has amazing detail. His face is extremely unusual. Hair is short. The nose is so flat, but the statue doesn't offer any real hint of the boyish adult's skin color. His curvature and narrow waist suggest he was trained, and required to stay thin, rather than develop his muscles. The rugged man observing this flexes his bicep to impress himself. Would the figure before him have resisted the angel so easily? No doubt he was very successful with ladies in his time. But, it takes some grit to say no. The boy's head is lolled back, and his hips are angled for someone to sit, sporting an erection that points directly up. Something unsettles him at the recognition that he's in the act, someone straddling him from a seated position, right there, carved out of granite.

There's a skinny woman, decent legs. Perhaps she's a farmer or a mail carrier. Her hair is unkempt, naturally windblown, a good length, so she must have washed it in streams. He runs his hand on her legs, slightly turned on. She's wearing belts. He checks her booty out compulsively. It looks like her vagina is being stretched open, it's much wider than the size of his... what this suggests, is the person who carved these statues was very serious about the perversion and accuracy of their work. He sees a leather belt covering her anus the way her glutes are spread wide suggest a massive insertion found its way into there too. Damn.

There's a woman with some garb covering her head to toe. There are shapely curves revealing details of the statue beneath. This one has amazing detail. This one and the previous would certainly make a pair, like a duet. Her ass is also spread out beneath, the stones shaped like cloth don't leave much to the imagination. The carving meshes to her he can practically see the imprint of her gaping butthole. There's something about the way women were portrayed violated, and the boy was in the throws of ecstasy, which angered him.

There's an old, ugly man, the effort put into such a devious piece of work is admirable. Unfortunately. The artist could have spent the time better off carving attractive women. He can practically see the ridges of the ugly man's cock beneath his shirt. Apparently, it was quite difficult to hide when you have a twenty-inch Python wrapped around you.

He puts his hand on the tome at the end of the pantheon and knows it all, has sex with all the women, lives the lives of all the men he's seen and the women's as well. Then he wakes up, kind of fucked up in the head but adamant that he won't be like that.


---C6, Scene 4: Girls, Girls, Girls

He lifts a bronze bracelet off a statue. For later, I'm sure. Entering a room there is a couple, face to face, one on top of the other. They both have breasts, so they must be women. "Howdy missus." He tries to greet. Their deep tongue kissing doesn't stop and might have even gotten a little more intense when they understood they were being watched. There's quite a lot of saliva it's actually dripping out onto the one below. Their bodies are firmly pressed together like, well, how worms mate. He walks around to see their grind, there's an unexpected item here. This is none of his business. He stands there examining their butts and sees a fresh load of ejaculate exit the top's pussy. There's something novel about it. "If this is a private dance, I'd best be leaving... If you don't mind, I can join, for a moment, if you'd consent." He lowers his britches. His erection is blood red. The one on top lets out an exclaimed nasal moan and gurgles like her mouth were full of tongue and saliva. He touches the shoulder of the woman on top and she lets out a cry of incredible appreciation once more. Come on, come on, fuck my ass. His penis and desires are broken free thanks to the tome and the angel business, he reflects on how simple this all could be if he just gave in. "Thank you. And good day to you." He puts his britches up, unable to appreciate the women anymore without getting to know them, that's what he tells himself. He gets a quick look at their faces, and there's nothing but white salivation covering the one on the bottom. The top's eyes are rolled up as far as they'll go. They still writhe and caress each other like... his thoughts guard him... two lovers on a beach while the sun rises. He tries casting enchant on his dick, maybe there's an off switch. Trying to distract himself, he looks at the walls like the good archeologist he is, just enough to forget his trouble. A voice, faintly. "She was consenting with a big fat cock down her throat. She wanted you to fuck her ass." Too faint, he forgets it immediately.

He walks the corridors of this temple, carved images, Cuniform. There are a number of strange protrusions and deep cuts from the walls. Temples are usually full of traps, designed by mechanics with skill. Aren't they? Curious what it was, he tosses a stick over. Out of one of the slots in the wall, a black limb of some kind reaches over and touches the stick. Disinterested it immediately gives up. He tries another trap and a rope snags the stick perfectly suspending it. Another black limb, exactly like the first comes to feel it, and it pulls out the stick, the trap resets automatically. This is definitely not an ordinary temple, and those are not very well-designed traps.

In the following room, there's some red glow. A force field. Inside it, a woman. She is dormant, in stasis. No response when he touches the barrier. He tries to communicate, "Hello. Are you captive?" No response. He takes a bronze necklace and an iron bracelet off a statue. More traps of some arcane nature wait down the corridor.

Women lounge about in the next chamber, two wrestle for sport, two lounge on the floor. They turn to look as he enters. "Hello, missus." They begin berating him in some other language. They surround and one grabs him, shoving him in the center of the room where they wrestled. The woman is his opponent, dressed in strips of cloth, but very well oiled. She puts an arm around his head. "You're surprisingly strong. If you like, I'll go easy." He offers. The woman doesn't respond and throws her knee into his middle. "No? Ok." He trips her and gets a pin, he's very strong. Another comes over, she has a very silky shirt. They repeat this, and again with one who's basically naked since you can see straight through the silk. The fourth enters the ring. A woman who appears to be with child. He shakes his head and backs away. She grabs him with a surprising force and pins him to the floor. "Careful." He warns her about the baby, but can't get more out before she crushes his chest until the count of five, then someone slaps the floor.

He gathers himself. Another enters, the first, again. "We're still doing this?" He frets and then accepts it. He casts a spell, finally giving up on fairness, he can feel the impressive weight of his own body, the grace he commands. The woman tries to tackle him but he guides her to the side with amazing ease. Just like that she has a softness in her eyes looking upon him. She backs away. The other women pile on. They're making noises unlike before, laughing. They simply wrestled with unstoppable force endlessly but this is different. Now they sounded happy. They offer to kiss him. The pregnant woman is unbuttoning his pants. He felt their bodies while wrestling, they're in top form for all ways of physical exertion.

They restart. He takes on an aggressive stance, bearing his teeth. The woman in cloth doesn't make the first move. Two others approach, fairness be damned, they wrestle. Their attitude is more like puppies. They only want to touch him. Their nipples are erect like diamonds pressing out from the cloth, and he badly wants to touch them back. Rather than a clean pin they lay astride fondling each other in the ring. Eventually, one can't handle the tension any longer and bears her naked bottom, the other following suit. Their pussies are frothing over with vitality. This was meant to be. The way their pussies twitch, and fight and gasp against the touch of his hands while begging for cum, they can't resist him. They're way too sensitive now. He unfastens his belt buckle. He carefully puts his erect tip seething with the power of Illmuire into one of the fertile young women. As if shocked by him she breaths in a sharp whine. He puts his cock in all the way and she helps by grinding her rear back into his hips. She came, her pussy juices spread out around his cock. He pulls out and proceeds to the next, allowing her to thrust back against him to climax. It's so good he even releases his pent-up stress, and his body and mind relax finally. Each one is satisfied like this, everyone ("Done"). The pregnant woman attempts to clean him with fellatio and let him cum in her mouth. But even that seemed to wear her down until she played with herself too much. Exhausted in such a short time, not wanting any more she takes out a rune. He's handed it and waved off. He lifts a silver bracelet off the statue on his way out.

The rune allowed him to complete a new chant, he returns to the woman enshrined behind such a force. "I'll have you out in a moment ma'am. One two Illmuire." The barrier comes down with a crackling noise. The woman's eyes open. He holds her wrist to get her pulse. Her breathing was steady. She stands up just fine. She reaches out, so he offers the ornaments he's been picking up. They look quite nice on her. She's like a decorated statuesque woman. She reverses his hold and feels his wrists. "I see you're doing well." He can't fight her grip, she's too strong, way stronger than the wrestlers. She feels his body all over, discovering his male organ, she immediately takes it out. "You're happy to be free. And I'm happy to oblige. But I think I'm on my way." He grabs the silver necklace off the candles and runs, stopping momentarily as his strength fades then walking. She grips his arm. "Miss, we're done. I don't require any repayment." She gets down on her knees and forces his dick down her throat swallowing repeatedly until he cums. She turns around and spreads her ass wide. His desire betrays him, and he lowers himself to fuck her amazing ass. He sweats, nearing climax, he's about to lose it. He chants to increase his strength. So does she. He slaps her butt, and she makes noises, she becomes more vocal as his enchanted cock stimulates her in the ass, like the other women her body is more erogenous than a clit from the magic. Her orgasm that follows flexes her anus and tantalizes his senses, he feels the desire to finish inside build-up. He feels her ass cheek and he cums inside like nothing he felt before. He casts a healing spell to recover his strength. They continue on their sides, still anal fucking for several minutes before she is breathing out hoarsely. Excited by her voice, he can't fight the desire to cum again, and he grabs her arms, tying them behind her back with a lasso while he picks up the pace. He covers her eyes with a cloth, in certain cases, this would look pretty badass like he's taking advantage of a woman, but she's really all about him. He guides her onto her front because it's easier to keep her pinned like that, he's feeling pretty guilty at that, but it feels really good and she's encouraging him. Close to climax for several minutes he has her bound, blindfolded, and she's letting out yelps of glee. The little trinkets she's wearing tap against the hard floor repeatedly. He finishes. She's fainted from him cumming in her, zero resistance to him pulling out. He undoes her and uses some baby powder to clean them up. He leaves her to rest.

---C6 Scene 5: Breast Worship

His tingling back, the shiver up his spine, everything is a type of omen. This would be a great time to take a break. Take a rest and cast rejuvenating spells. Wait an hour now, or an hour after eating. Once he's absolutely certain he's ready for the next challenge, proceed with caution.

There's a stairwell through a door, very deep and wide.

A woman approaches to kiss him immediately as he enters. He pushes her away and she grabs his arm to pull him down with her. There's something wrong with all the women here, they're drunk, horny, and they like to fight. He reaches to her pussy with an enchanted hand, she first acts surprised and soon bays like a horse. For a few minutes they lock eyes, he's happy to grant her this satisfaction. Her body goes tense, she's knocked out cold from repeatedly cumming when he places a thumb to her clit. He removes his hand and wipes the girlcum off it.

A few steps down the stairs and there's another who immediately throws herself into his arms. "Wait." He tries to assist and ends up with his pants down around his ankles. His still enchanted cock gives her so much pleasure while she sucks at it, he can't understand, this is unbecoming for such a good-looking woman. She hands him something and he moves on.

At the bottom of the steps, he sees a statue from behind, very nice craftsmanship. The shape of her ass suggests a reference to a well-fed goddess or a queen, some fertile being with immense childbearing capability. Her thin waist is cinched, the proportions are not common. The statue has relatively smallish wings folded back, very common, he can see around to the side of her breasts. Her chest heaved up above a deep crease down to the curve of her belly. The light from the door reflects along the surface, suggesting a metallic finish, well-oiled, very nicely cared for. Someone loved this statue to this very day. The hands of the statue cover her face, like a 'peekabo', nothing is touching her breasts. She's completely naked but for the elegant red shoes with sandal straps, kind of like a woman in high-heels. He gets around to the other side. Her hair, her lips, are a deep crimson red. Her hair's done up like cylindrical drills unnaturally, they almost touch her breasts but her hands are keeping it off. Her nipples are pink, big, tilted upwards on extra-narrow perches big areolae, her breasts were absolutely over-sexualized for fertility's sake. Even if she tried to cover them, her hands are too small. Her breasts are jutting out to the sides like her wings. From the front, he sees they're naturally spreading, no clothes, they'd never touch together even with gravity. Like bullets tipped with red, her high beams glow and play with his desire. He's amazed by the detail close-up, the craftsmanship to form porous blemishes on the metal, they're almost like, like.

What he takes for a statue near the exit, back facing him, from the other side, at this range, he can see skin tone, she's too real. She slowly steps forward her hands revealing the whites of her eyes. It's not the same as before, she's actually a much bigger one! A metallic sheen of red, glowing red eyes and tits those spectacular tits. She gone fu-ck. He jukes to reach the outside. The big-breasted angel from before, this one's like the mother I'd like to fuck kind-of rough version of her. Not that it was such a bad-sounding thing. Why is he thinking this? His hard prick seems to be willing; No. This is getting absurd. She makes a ridiculous noise like a leopard and catches him. Her hair practically floats down from above her indicating the speed; She's laughing. He can't read her; She slips her finger down low; His pants are off; Is this a berserk assassin? He sees a different image now. She's amazing. Her steady gaze is the image of perfect bliss. It's no first-time-cummers, her skill exceeded her predecessor by far. Her skin is shiny, almost incandescent, her glowing smile and small beads of oil roll down her in place of tears and saliva. There's a clear sense of a tingling oil covering his prick, lubricating it from her stirring the overflowed pot above him; A warm hand wrapping around the base then dampness flowed on his crotch soothing his hot legs; It felt like he came just now; The familiar embrace of coitus as each notch he passes through entering her; She's unlocking her coils of ropy inner-muscles slowly to take him in willingly, a twisted vault made by her blacksmith uncracks. He lost himself in the act, he's against his back on the floor by now. She breaks eye contact to look up and it's followed by the feeling of her fingers loosening, and then she inserts him in deep and hard, like a dildo, laughing like it tickled her, his sperm drains out successfully breeding her. He should be very happy to enjoy an aftersex conversation. She tries again. She brains him with her box. She scissors his pizzor. She absorbs his orbs. He's getting hammered by Athena, pinned by her rippling muscle and wings. Her tits bounce fluidly with motion but only within reach, never against him. He's forced to cum over and over at her whim. She also grabs the back of his head with her hands and pulls his face into hers occasionally. He felt like he kissed the Blarney Stone the blood rushing into and then back away from his head. Her lips are silky-smooth, oiled like her skin. Somehow she makes him cum again immediately after each kiss before he even knows he's feeling good again. She gives him another gentle kiss. He casts the spell to invigorate so his strength returns. Better. He tries the lady-killing spell he used before and fails with her tongue going in there's an audible sizzle as his mind's eye blanks. There's another way. Suspended in front of him, spread out so they won't collide easily, grab one and he's free. She goes for the next passionate, deep-tongued kiss, so he goes for her chest with his hands. She had her hands on his head but she's too quick and holds his arm down. Then with her lips quirking from an inch from his face, she creams his crotch like it was on command and wetly smacks down as his next load delivers on time for her, he opens his mouth giving her what she wanted. And then she steals another kiss not closing her eyes, taking his breath away with it.
 
No angel, he decides, more gothic, a beast with wings and claws he can't break free of, beautiful, unholy, vain, shying from the light; a gargoyle. The strength of his entire body is slowly entering his cock to allow the process to go on, what can he do? "Help!" He yells. "Help, someone, the woman I just met. If you are decent and kindhearted. Help me! Mmmph," stifled by another 'kiss', if you can call the tongue shoving his aside and squelch of their lips sucking together that any more than you might call it a tongue blowjob. She manages to avoid forcing him to gag, her perception of how his mouth works is superior to orthodontists and he can practically feel his tongue orgasm from the ticklish curl and flick. And there, his prostate squeezes out its remaining juice, his dick pulsates with an amazing afterglow effect on his limbic and his nerves grow calm, the mysterious unknown inside her, grinding against very excitedly kneading his milk into her. With Zeth's power, his dick stays hard, but he can tell when he's been tapped. The woman with the telling belly approaches. She gets down very close to his face with her side on the floor and licks his ear. That's not helping. A third comes over. It's that one, the one he finger banged. She begins passionately kissing him.

The trio trades his lips, for days, and lick his face. He can't speak, his tongue is sore from the strong curling movement of the powerful woman's tongue. It gets more ticklish each time, he can't feel it without closing his eyes and twitching all over now. His lips are chapped from rubbing against all of theirs. They only occasionally bring out a drink, or a piece of dry fruit, and put it in his mouth. His ears tickle so hard. The pregnant woman wraps her arms around him cradling his head to her lactating bosom sometimes. And finally, his cock is getting the blood pulled into its head by a woman who never stops draining his balls with incredibly precise strikes. There's very little noise but the clap of their privates immediately followed by his long bellow of pleasure, and sometimes a sigh from the side when they aren't tongue-fucking his earlobes. He can't feel his lower half anymore, the one on top never giving ground. The crimson lips, a metallic-red sheen to her skin, she ignores his pleas and bats his hands away from her gorgeous tits when he tries another. During the past day or two, she's begun adding a rhythmic rocking motion in her cantor, her tits swing gently above him, and she rubs his stomach to help stimulate him, helping circulate the fluids in his body, and then she'd take a toll for her effort, forcing him to climax sooner than his body was ready. It's all quite nice until he starts to think she's not trying to pleasure him, his life force might be at stake. He is losing consciousness intermittently from a lack of sleep. He came so hard, and so many times. It's like it was worth it to meet her...

... The story ends here? This fool becomes a boytoy. With nobody to prevent dankness, humans are a bunch of cum dumpsters, toilets, and fuckboys. He's not having that! Part of his mind is torn away. He bites and kicks and throws them around until he gets on top of the angel. Her wings crushed, she's only arms and tits. He squeezes her tits really hard and chomps down on one, gently, magnificent mouthfeel, he'll recommend a friend! She's twitching from the pleasure rather than taking back control. Finally, he's grown some balls. Now rock her back. He's about to. He grabs his erect... Nevermind. Croaking like he can't speak properly, his tongue's twisted up, he can't call on his newfound power. He has bedsores. And his legs can barely bend as he lifts them each step. He limps out of the room. He's going to make it.

His guns are missing. Who stole his guns?

---C6, Scene 6: Destroyed

He limps along and discovers more elaborate traps. With his newfound handicap, he can barely keep his balance. The pain is everywhere, after so much pleasure one can only hope for rest, and he's forced to limp-run. He's very tired and hungry. There's a girl, she's kind of dressed up like a zombie costume, she activates a trap. He can't speak and just watches as she's wrapped in bondage. The tentacles gently caress her leg. Then excitedly, almost life-like the entire wall reaches out and pulls her to it, dozens of tentacles violate her. No, he thinks. He tries to help her, she's breathing out pained moans. What a horrible feeling. He can almost cry. He's helpless to watch this woman while she's, she's enjoying it? She cums, and loads of strange fluids exit her mouth and at her loins where the things entered her, he can still see them pull tight repeatedly, stimulating her clit. He moves on, avoiding the tiles and the horny women letting themselves fall 'victim' just for their sexual entertainment.

He still can't speak. There's a woman in robes. There's a barrier in the corner, red, that's about Zeth no doubt. He points at his mouth. She licks her lips and moves in. That's not quite what he meant. There's a tendril-like swirling tongue. She's fucking his mouth with her tongue, but it's quite soothing, so he relaxes and lets her go to work. Currently incapable of an erection, her saliva lubricates his parched throat. He moves her head away and has to put both her hands on the sides of her head to force her entirely out. He chants the restoration spell. Finally, his body, his dick, it's starting to make sense again. He dispels the barrier with another chant. She's not done yet, he forgot her for a moment. Smoke pours out of her surrounding him. She deserves some loving, he thinks, he returns her embrace. "Miss. You're a lifesaver." She speaks, "I want to put my tongue up your ass." Her hand slides up and down his hard cock, so, was she serious? Her dark lipstick makes her skin look pale. She sticks her tongue down his throat and does the swirly swirl again his head feels like it's swirly. He coughs up some smoke and wet stuff she's putting in it. This sweet woman gets on her knees and begins sucking his cock after making it nice and stiff. She's dressed like a waitress, actually, there's a ring on both their fingers. She holds his hand, and gets on top of him, laying down, so it's missionary, this is more his style. He wakes up to a gurgling noise. He sees he came down her throat, not the waitress, the seductive creature with a long tongue, and the stuff is coming out. She lifts her head unable to take it for long, and her notably prehensile, long tongue hangs out her mouth.

He gets up. She's still catching her breath, looking extremely guilty about something. He gets a good look at her body. She's frail. It doesn't seem like she's equipped for combat or with a cock like the previous women. Alright then, no harm done. He looks around the room. There's a dirty cobweb in the corner so he knocks it down and takes a dusty necklace before leaving. "Ma'am," he says quickly nodding to her and tipping his hat. He puts a hand on his butt, it feels like he must have gone? She said she'd.

Another girl is trapped in ropes. "Hang on I'll help you." He tries to let her out. Her ass is up in the air, she's face down, bound. Her clothing is not hiding her womanhood in the slightest. "You must want to get down. Don't fight." She was fighting. "I said quit it. I'm trying to cut the ropes." He cuts them, and she swears like a sailor. "Crazy dame. Here let me cut you free, the ones on your legs need to go first or you're going to fall. It looks like trouble." The tentacles come to finish her. Her arms bound behind her they ruin her body directly in front of him and she's left on the ropes with her tongue out, come pouring out her. "I can't deal with this. Where is the giant octopus controlling these things?"

There are two women with big tits. They're very elegant. "Pardon. Can I have some milk?" They laugh and show him their tits. "I'm honestly parched, missus. If you'd kindly allow me. I'll drink." They pursue his offer happily. He finds out they're not lactating. They reach climax from nipple sucking alone and offer their nice soft butts to him. The feeling of them rubbing against his leg was almost orgasmic. He looks up and sees the barrier. He holds them, rubs their butts. There haven't been women like this around, but damn why are they so aggressive? There were some big tits, yes, but their butts were also quite nice. He gets a good look at their thick ankles. This is some wife material.

He chants to dispel the barrier. A symbol of Yakre vanishes. He steps outside and there are three girls who approach him. He steps back and they follow him in. The voluptuous women from behind come to hug the other three. A scene, like a play full of actors, unfolds for him to witness.

The three girls begin molesting the other two girls. They're very aggressive, teeth against their swollen nipples. Those were in his mouth not too long ago. Their exposed butts are spread out in the air. Oh is this going to be ass-kissing, literally? He's actually quite amazed. Instead, the three newcomers reveal dicks. They push the bodacious women down by holding their hair and then sodomize them. The third is able to get in and double penetrate one lucky gal. They begin cumming profusely until they're exhausted. Then the two voluptuous girls get on top and change the flow in their favor. If they weren't pregnant, they will be soon. He could see massive wads of cum spent inside them pouring out. It's time he makes leave and decides to do so silently.

He finds a room with one girl wearing a very nice dress that billows out like a gown. There's a symbol of Illmuire and forcefield. Girl dressed so nicely beckons him with one finger. What is a man to do? He has her plant her hands against the barrier and makes her nice and wet, finally he's in his element fingering a woman alone, with her presenting. Watching that orgy with two busty gals really got him going though. How do those three cum so much? He slips it in almost accidentally. He's fucking a tasteful woman like a bronco rider before he realizes it. She's nearly done for, she's so close and sweating. He decides to take a close look at her ass. Wow very nice, the cute little thing is tucked neatly between two plump cheeks, only peeking out when he firmly squeezes. She has a very classy body. It riles him up enough he could do her twice, but he'll settle for once. He gives her a proper creampie and firmly squeezes her butt to signal he was pulling out and enjoying every second looking there doing it. He dispels the forcefield while she calmly watches him, fingering her clit.

His stress is relieved once more, he finds his way through another long corridor and sees a strange foreboding force that completely breaks down. There's a crumbling wall and a very small door. Well, not too small. He can crawl right in. Oh dear, there are so many tall women. And with his head on the floor he feels like a little rabbit poking his head out of hiding. Uh. Hold on, he can't seem to go backward, he got his arms through. He's there only a moment before one of the heroic-looking women notice him. She walks over with such a nice smile, very elegantly, her tits eclipse the source of light above him, she will definitely help him escape. She holds his arms and helps turn him onto his back. Then she sits on his face. The number of women who drip their girlcum down his mouth in that hour, twenty, he counted twenty. They weren't done, one of them knocks down the wall, let's not dwell on that.

The wall breaks down and there's an incredibly muscular woman, although she's just a bit taller than him and quite thin, she's some kind of bodybuilder. He recites the blue enchantment with his arms free. She has some tells suggesting she'd like that. She lets out a growl and reveals her ass to him. She puts herself against the wall, elbows in front, and lowers her ass to align with him. The other women crowd around to watch. This is some alpha wolf energy. Her ass is practically surrounding him. Her back is amazing. He's aligned with her dick-to-pussy feels the muscles and the ribcage along her sides before caressing her hips. His hard enchanted cock goes in her wet pussy and they proceed like that. He feels her body slowly until reaching for her breasts evidently coming up short. "Miss, bend over more." She tries. "A little more miss." She bends over until her head is below her hands. The tits, they're not bad, very soft compared to everything else, but not so big compared to her body. He manages to cum in her like this feeling her up. She reaches back and slides a finger along her anus. This one's a proper fuck too, she seems to say. Her pussy isn't as strong as the angel's, that was impossible to handle. He makes her cum by continuing and playing with her butthole as much as she likes.

Oh, they're not done. He's the pickle in a Jill sandwich. A second beautiful girl, with about a foot on him, comes from behind to grab his dick. She takes control, pulling his dick out of one hole and sternly placing it into the other, allowing her girlfriend the complete experience she desired. She finishes with a quick thrust of her hips into the rugged boytoy's butt shoving him balls deep. His mindblown, the anus stretches easily and her asscheeks beautifully spread out. The second girl takes control of his body like he's a dildo and fucks the shit out of her girlfriend's ass. Her ass is impossibly clean and well lubricated so it's like they must oil and detox regularly. His mistress gives a grand sigh of pleasure, and the one forcing him to do all this gets down and licks his ass while he finishes.

The women brought him in and each take turns kissing and sucking his dick. He manages to cast the proper spell so his dick was extra delicious, but these women are of another caliber and take him down their throats while orgasming without losing their concentration. They have very nice tits too but they don't seem to care what he does with them. Ultimately there are simply too many women to fuck and it's over. The adventurer can't leave without satisfying them all completely. This could take time.

---C6, Scene 7: His Name is

He determined that there must be some spell to escape. He casts every spell he knew. Using Yakre was a terrible idea though because after trying it he's getting sucked down like a pixie stick now. While he melted like a candy cane, they paired off and shared each other while he watched. He was getting desperate until they put his cock between their lips, the main thing that changed was instead of one at a time, two women were sucking the head of his cock. Then a third went under and sucked his ball sack, he's never even imagined this level of pampering. She repositioned and now three women's lips were on his cock at the same time. A fourth, two on the side, one in front, and one below. A fifth from behind. A sixth wasn't able to fit, but she wowed him with her assets from the side as he examined the excavated cave they turned into a brothel of some kind. She had to undress in front of him very slowly, to get the job done she even leaned into his face and squeezed her tits. Seven, no, eight, every two hands was another girl. He hears more of them in the back chant, and the energy hitting him emboldens the next sugary load to cover their faces. There's more saliva and female juice flowing than cum. He feels their tongues on him, they've switched to such silly expressions, but his cock is entering their mouths as they do it, it's somehow intoxicatingly unbelievable. The spell wears off and the women return to normal, taking turns licking his cock like an ice cream cone until one's horny enough to mount him.

He goes through different chants and there's something like a fox, a dog, and a small wolf. He casts more and every summons is approximately the size of the first three. There's a giant scorpion and insects bigger than one foot in diameter, a giant silkworm, a snake. Another spell. Octopus, a dolphin, and a jellyfish, all hovered magically. The creatures he summoned proceed to entertain the women, taking their concentration off him. They're so cute. They pet the little k-nines. They don't seem to touch the arachnids or the snake much. They were very friendly with the sea creatures, kind of like they wanted to get intimate. They weren't regular animals, of course, there was something odd about them.

A glowing sigil in the room caught his eye, so he grabbed it without much concern. Dank energy filled him then...

... disrobes her.. forces her back into a wall and despite the size difference, she's tall...grabs her wrists, holding them back, sucks her tits. ... hard cock finds its way into her from the front, past the little clothes she wore, and ... all in her, every bit in her so good, she's in tears from the pleasure of... in her mouth ... up her ass. The pleasure is nonstop.

...

Some time passes, the intrepid explorer's hands are squeezing a woman's butt. He understands he had a blackout. He pulls up his pants. Uh. He lets his dick slide out of her ass first, shivering from the feeling of her, and she clenches around his penis when it's almost out. The women are resting their heads on their arms with their asses in the air. There are many women with cum all over their bodies. The creatures he summoned are penetrating the few who were unmarred, he didn't imagine it'd come to this. The ones who were disgraced before coming to had their hands bound, their eyes covered, their bellies were much larger than any of the fit women were when he entered. A tentacle spell is forcing one to orgasm repeatedly, pumping stuff into her, but it will wear off soon. The women being mated by the animals are fainting. A snake is wrapped around one woman who still has fight left in her, defiantly holding it away from her face while he's wrapped around her trying to kiss her apparently. A woman covered in large silk webs has a worm down her throat depositing his sperm, a thread attached to her clit is getting yanked. The scorpion, the absolute legend has latched onto his mate's face to fuck her throat. The k-nines have turned around so the tail covers the butts of the women, their bulbous knots holding them in, the stance is natural, carefree, their asses touch. The sea creatures have multiple inserts, it's really something seeing them double penetrate the women, or do more. It's like they're irresistible. There's some kind of force holding their partner in place, something on their wrists or under their knees keeping them together while exposing their genitalia. Does a jellyfish out of water sting. Whatever he's doing, she likes it so much he came the fastest. The octopus has managed to grab the woman from her front, although she's still bent over, she can barely stay conscious. He can see he's grabbing her pussy, and sucking her tits, she's also allowing him to finger her mouth, holding her bottom lip down. The dolphin has two phallic pink smooth objects, to reiterate, he's double penetrating one girl who's completely conked, that's new to this man too.

His dirty work was right there in front of him. With that power, He came in every single one. It's about to end soon though. The summoned helpers finish, their female partners lost consciousness due to multiple sustained creampies permeating them like waves of water depositing sediments onto solid land. They teleport one at a time, just like the tome predicted. He believes the women are going to meet that man. They won't be after me any longer.

---C6 Scene 8: E

Another stairwell happened to be open. There are three amazing-looking women, their love balloons are astounding. One thin girl with rocket tits and two titmice for his pleasure once again. Have mercy. He undoes his pants. Fairly certain he can get away with it. "Missus." His pecker seems to draw their attention entirely. They get down on their knees, all three at once they slowly encircle his cock and plant their hungry lips on. The titmice take his right side at first. The one with larger breasts quickly exposes them and fondles her own nipples. "Amazing." Her nipples are big, swollen like she was stung. While the other two sucked his dick he was mesmerized into fondling her breast. She moves his hand away and proceeds to take his cockhead from another woman. His precum immediately beads on the tip, she wipes it off onto her face. She presses her mouth down around the glans slowly lip-smacking as she sucks it in. The other two barely seem to measure up to the singular beauty of this dominant cocksucker. She has a very cute face. Her gentle head movements and facial expressions change with the shape of her mouth, she looks lovelier by the second. She slips her tongue out, a very dainty little thing unlike the helpful woman with a long tongue back there. He feels like he has to cum now. His hips buck slightly and his leg shakes. She takes note and drops a single eyelid to wink, pushes her hair behind one ear, and plunges deep as she can before choking. Her tongue protrudes to lap at the saliva escaping her mouth. She's amazing. Her beauty escapes words. He empties into her mouth and the fluid drips out.

The girls kiss each other, sharing his cum. The other moves those purdy little lips. What did she say? That was a chant. Spectral tendrils come from her, the other two women arch their backs and their eyes glow, making a strange cooing noise. Tendrils exit their mouths, their breasts are sucked by translucent devices visibly tugging at their nipples. He's amazed by the image. Just the one remains; She plays with his cock until it's hard. "Put it in them." She says, urging him to pollinate the two flowers propped up on stems. He can see, the tendrils have entered their buttholes, squirmed their way up and out their mouths, they look only slightly uncomfortable. A pulse flows through the specters, forcing them open wider, and then allowing them to relax. More exciting is the way their breasts are being milked roughly. He gets ready to have doggystyle sex with one, her nipples are swollen and the vacuum of the sucker has elongated her areolae. Specks of swollen red show exactly where the milk ducts would be. He runs his finger along the suction cup edge and it releases one tit. The knobby nipple feels soft. The swollen areolae, to his touch, the woman flinches and groans, seemingly unwilling to move to look at him. He comes closer to her face to see her eyes, he likes the look in them. At the sight of it he could fall in love. He sticks his cock into her ever-wanting vagina. It felt like he could do this, forever, stay here and sleep with countless beauties. He casts the green enchantment spell anyways. It's like a way to pleasure women here, why not? The girl under him starts flexing her back slapping into his hips. She gets extra creamy, her body convulses orgasmically for several minutes. This was his doing. The blue specter up her ass expands wider than ever and her belly fills up. She screams from her climax and he cums into her. The specter exiting her mouth ejaculates like it was somehow part of the nervous system.

He recovers and moves to the second. Creamy milk filled the suckers. So, she's really... He removes one and sips, so sweet, he drinks them both and squeezes one delicious breast. The milk beads and squirts out. If he were a cowboy instead of an Archaeologist, he starts to think. He places the cups back on her nipples, and she gives an approving noise. He wraps both hands on her tits and squeezes the milk out filling the empty cup and overflowing the other, the milk drains down a tube. He can feel his hard dick. He shakes his head and casts the green recovery spell. He gets up and sees a woman bound by ghostly forces, and another he slept with. In between is a form like a ghost, pale, seductive as the shape of a woman can be, her tremendous torpedo breasts float impossibly. His dick gets harder, he falls to his knees. Was this the woman pleasuring him? He should be at worship over her. He chants the recovery in the bukakke god's name. His mind changes to shape to the power he wielded now.

She wasn't strong, he was, he was able to force her into any position. So he got all three women free of the violating specters and had it his way. Their heads were at the bottom of the stairs unable to see him. He tied the single most beautiful woman with his whip. "Aren't you ashamed? All the women here do is fuck, and fight. And now you, of respectable breeding. You use your mouths like toilets." They're quiet, but they would be, wouldn't they? Their privates exposed to him. He goes on for several minutes until he loses interest, unable to get them to say a single word. He decides to experiment. He casts a spell of black energy which makes his dick hard, he oozes precum and immediately starts spanking the girl he already had sex with. "Why don't you get up, stop accepting this?" She murmurs, her belly swells from the spectral cum inside it. He greedily stares at the asshole of the goddess who took control earlier. In her tied-up state, she seems too vulnerable. He rubs his dick along the channel, feeling the size of her butt, his cock swells and precum seeps out, he closes his eyes enjoying the feeling. This spell makes him want to cum endlessly, his energy is tremendous, he could berate them like a drill Seargent forever, or enjoy himself in more visceral ways. So what's next? He chants a creature summon spell in blue. The dolphin that emerges mounts the lactating woman and fucks her ass and pussy with its smooth aquatic organs until her jaw drops, it doesn't use much force. He casts enchant on his dick, who needs the other spells, the one true power was all it needed. Cum dripped out his cock, vapor and smoke is rising from the tip, the heat of it now radiates. He casts barrier, and the room vanishes, sensory deprivation. His pulsing, oozing, steaming cock grazes the heap of flesh, once a woman's buttocks and it quivers as she climaxes and her voice raises to a high octave showing her fearful surprise. He looks carefully, overcoming the overwhelming power just long enough to think, it's the titmouse he's already slept with. His one corrupt-looking hand smooths over her swollen breasts. Her mouth goes wide, he can clearly see her anus twitch in anticipation for him, and he slides right in. Her voice tells another story like he's fucking the daylights out of her. The dolphin lover lets out a single drawn-out 'oh' halfway between crying and moans, and they vanish. His sperm pours out while watching it, it feels just like when the angel grasped him, the first time, oh no not like the second, not having relieved himself for months was like this, he definitely needed to feel this again. He closes his eyes and feels it. Should it last forever he won't regret a thing. He opens his eyes minutes later, the woman beneath him is done for, he can't describe the mess of enchanted cum, he thinks he sees his dick moving inside a female form. His kegal flex squeezes his urethra tight pressing the rest of his cum out.

One passes out while he fucks her. Another returns magically, some substance and blue energies pour out of her mouth, cum in her vagina. Cum drips out of both their asses. He moves to the next. He penetrates this one too, he aimed to pleasure her just like her two acquaintances before acknowledging she was actually quite striking, from any angle, and his dick was immediately in her creamy female entrance before he knew it, deep dog dicking her. She came immediately and smacked herself gently against his hips rather than letting him tease her. Her amazing ass is jiggling at the impact. Her thin waist beckons to be explored, so he feels her body up and down. Amazing, is this really possible? She cums again and again, making him forget about the stream of sperm he's pouring into her, her enjoyment permeates his consciousness. He gropes her butt at first spreading it, diving deeper. Then he puts his weight on her back and feels her breasts. His abs flex and he lets out his own deep moan at the sensation, he recuperates for a moment and tries again. His orgasm overwhelms him. His senses immediately return to his cock and he loses himself when he tries to touch her breasts. Who was enjoying it more? It was hard to tell. He'll need to excavate her insides.

He pulls out to chant, she turns around, smiling wildly, touching her own tits. They look so soft. She pushes them against him slowly. He finishes chanting, her hand reaches down and strokes his cock, his cum squirts out into a small puddle on command. She gets down and delivers a spectacular blowjob, his sperm covering her face generously before she proceeds to drink directly from the tap. She's like an Egyptian goddess. She sucks it even overflows onto her tits. Corrupt purple energy emanates from him making her enjoy it all the more. She tries to swallow his cock entirely and all the cum entering her mouth, her throat bulges and she slips her tongue out to cram it all in, there's a sheet of saliva and stuff coming out of him going from her chin to between her tits while she holds her hands together. She raises her tits to surround his penis, like a cup and smiles dazzlingly as cum blows into her face. Immense quantities overflow both the cup she formed and her cupped hands. She turns around on her knees too excited to wait. He gets on top behind her, the energy flows into her even before he connected, her tears swell up and her pussy waters, she orgasms, and her tongue lolls out her mouth. He enters her pussy while she's flexing from the orgasm, he can see her ass looking incredibly happy next to the power of Dick. He gropes her tits with one hand, he can feel them now, they can't be real. He grinds himself into her, inside her, and erupts one more impossible flow of cum into her womb, she squeals with delight. And when the cum finally tops off, her belly swells like she was made for it, she's allowing him to keep going as long as he likes and the thought of her body being ruined, relying on him to take care of her from then on, it's all he needed to make his next decision.

---C6, Scene 9: The Calling

He uses his magicks to recover and ventures on with his three new fiancees, although their pregnant look wore off, he understood the natural process took much longer. They have their clothes on but he can see the crack of their tits, and their bas-relief bellies suggested they weren't completely emptied, it feels so good to know. A tentacle grabs the woman with missile tits, stupid temple traps, and she happily takes it for the group. Her body is covered by the cum and she lets it slide down her throat. The man was too slow to stop it but he rushed over to pull her off while she stared into his eyes. What did it mean? They venture into a room full of heavily pigmented natives, some have inked skin and tattoos too. He lets the women rest at the door, they should have a rest. He examines a mural and his mind wanders.

Long ago, the old god was prophesized. A man, skin as hard as stone. He has sex with every woman he meets. There's no end to his physical prowess. He'll imbue others with his strength. They will in turn have sex with others. The cycle will last forever, the morally flexible humans unable to fight.

He finds a scroll depicting creatures, he already knows about this. They insert, cum, and teleport. There are images of creatures in the dimension screwing women, impregnating, and parasitizing them. A woman appears in an alternate realm. Inside awaits a blue spectral creature. She bats her eyes and climbs inside it. Its spectral tendrils fill her up just right and violate her, stirring her up and cumming out through her throat and mouth.

His mind returns to the now and sees an orgy. His girlfriends appear to be taking huge loads of cum onto their faces from the native men, and oddly the native women too. "Get up it's time to go." He drags the most beautiful off immediately. The crowd is too deep, his other two girlfriends are kissing many women, cum pours out of one's mouth. He takes some interest as they begin sucking her teat, the stuff spreads around her body. Then they tie her and the other up. A womb was all they seemed to require, and they took turns filling them. He thinks, pagan, but he can't really hate the culture of impregnating women. The temple was a Paleontological find at this point, he's an Archeologist. He wants to try that. He knows when he's been beaten. The stragglers in bondage were actually quite happy to be living sex dolls, so he moves on with just the one he was holding onto. Can't be too greedy.

There's another large chamber, like the last. This one has a coal pit in the center. He spots a mural. The women approach. "The tough kind of dames." No matter, he casts E' on himself and his girlfriend. She chants her own spell noiselessly. Spectral tentacles grab the advancing women who cry out momentarily before their mouths are filled with flapping blue cocks, tears streaming out their eyes. No doubt they came too fast and hard to resist. His dick was hard of course, but he also has the strength to resist and concentrate on his surroundings.

Reading the mural. There's a god of fertility. Well, compared to the last god, this one's not so ambitious. He screws women, covers them in pools of cum, then grants some meager power to the worshipping natives for helping him.

He returns to the sight of the women being held, titillatingly, towards the pit of fire. He watches as each one is fucked by blue tentacles in their ass and pussy while they're cumming. Each thrust puts their sweaty cum-faces dangerously close to singing in flame, and oh boy they sang. "Why are you like this? You're nuts. Let them out." Annoyed, his girl allows them some freedom. She grabs one more and presses the captive face into her pussy while she unloads something unwomanly down her throat. The captive, her pussy melts with the flames causing it to glint in the light. A blue tentacle exits her ass and makes a little swish lapping at her cunt slowly before slipping out of sight. Maybe this isn't just a really hot, magical woman he's led along. He takes her hand, she obediently follows. He's aware of how hard his penis is but he wants a moment alone, and not one of these orgies they keep encountering.

Another chamber. Another mural to be examined. The women here are weak-looking, he turns to his girlfriend and tells her, "I want you to be on your best behavior." He examines the mural, his imperative is to hit it. That's the guy, uh, girl. He, she, tried to fuck me with the angel.

Behind him, there's some kind of struggle. The women are on top of his large-breasted girlfriend, their green glowing eyes like spiders controlling a fly. "I know she's beautiful, but she's dangerous. Girls. Uh. Missus. Dame. Excuse me." One looks back and exposes her cunt to him. It's really nothing compared to the beauty, but there's something to be said for novelty. Concerned by the change in the mood he moves in and wrests them off the woman of his dreams. She's not awake. They've tied her to wooden posts with her knees up exposing her. "What did you do?" He demands the group. "Explain." They turn their heads to deny it all, innocently their wicked faces deny everything he just saw.

He needed to relieve himself half an hour ago. Seeing that goddess dominate the other room, he thought they'd have time alone and now she's a living sex doll, it's a real turn-on actually. He grabs one by the wrist, she's so slender and doesn't offer resistance. "Please don't." She yelled. He felt all the pent-up frustration exit him into the tip of his cock and he wanted this woman after she spoke. He turns her to see her little pussy, her butt can't even cover the thing. Unbuckling, he tells her, "You showed it to me, and now you want to stop. Well, I have this for you to consider." He chants a buff to enjoy his full-powered erection and he shoves all the way into the sensation and sound of her whole body shuddering. He has a moment to recognize he was doing something wrong before her contracting pussy becomes completely slick. It takes just a few seconds before he overflows it, half a minute before finishing. The rough sensation of pleasure he felt pumping her for several seconds afterward while his dick is sensitive is the best part. "NO!" she screams but her cunt says, 'yes, the harder the better daddy, my body hates rest'. She bayed like a wolf while it took it out though. He takes the next girl and repeats the act, she conks out when he nuts. Having them all, one by one, each screaming as he bored into them, and when they climaxed, he thinks he's satisfied, but then there was another. His girlfriend is tied up. Propped up like a sex doll, her knees in the air and she's ready. Perfect.

The blue goddess saw the man who brought her attempt to coerce the women to play with her. He undid his belt and fumble the words to a chant, which failed, he came to their handjobs while they pretended to hate it. Then he looked at her tied-up body with his empty eyes and fucked her and she loves it. He's gone now. The girltoy, surrounded by devilish little women, subduing her into a sultry edge with long tongues flicking her skin and nasty little whispers of fantasy in her ear forcing her to edge. What she'd give right now for a cock down her throat, or rough hands groping her tits, she can close her eyes and feel them.

---C6, Scene 10: Lucky

For what purpose is this place? Isn't this like a colosseum? "Hi." Someone from behind, a woman's voice. It's her, that Amazonian hack he mistook for an entrepreneur. She says, "I found you. Now I'll fuck you." Two angels stand on either of her sides, red and white wings, they unwrap, revealing their goods. They're wearing matching lingerie of different coloration, the matching color of the wings and hair. Nothing is covering the fun bits, only framing those locations. Waist cinchers, quarter cup bras that are way too small, frilled garter belts, and sandals that left their toes bare, nothing holding them on. Their red lipstick and nails are also done up extra for effect. Red-colored irises between their puffy smokey eyelids glow. Their puffy pink nips point straight up like teardrop masts on the side of a boat; Boat titties. Yes, yes, he thinks, the one in red, she's taller than before; the other in white, a matching pair alike. Similar hair, long curled, done up in front with a fancy loop, sticking upwards like a wheel, the rest is tied in a tail up in the back so both necks are completely exposed. There's an eruption, like the temple is about to fall apart.

Not good, he thinks, that sound was coming from everywhere. The tentacles from the temple converge on their location. The three women are played with in front of him. Dread looks too distracted to fight back as her pussy gets rubbed by a very delicate touch. The two angels have their bodies pressed together, and they shriek excited each time their tits collide. Once their pussies directly touch together they pull away and go wild-eyed before their tongues connect and roll around, like a fight neither can win. The perverse tentacles slip the hardened commander in between them tightly, it looks excruciating. She tries to command them but the angels take turns thrusting into her, stimulating her clit to orgasm. They're piled up so he can see the three women ooze from pleasure. Dread can't fight with her arms held by tentacles. Someone quietly enjoys, in a very vitriolic way, watching her getting fucked mercilessly. Her dick reveals itself like she lost control of it. The forward angel only needed a moment to reorient herself and with amazing accuracy her pussy swallowed and she grabbed her mate's body, forcing the dickgirl to orgasm for a very long time. The angels do their thing sucking every bit of sperm out of dread who climaxes for as long as someone with infinite libido can, which may very well be forever.

The adventurer isn't quite ready for this, he skirts around the room. Not wanting to be screwed accidentally in the scuffle. There's a door in back. A woman fucks someone very slowly, her ass facing the door her body moves like a sensual dance. The tanned man from outside sees the tender act and comes closer. This is, this is it. It's the place. A load of cum pours out of the woman, and the one below swivels his hips and thrusts. After all this time, he's still in that ridiculous posture with his cock pointed straight up. "Do you have something for me?" The adventurer asks. The woman dismounts allowing streams of gluey white between her and the dance partner to stretch out and bow to gravity, behind that woman with a complete look of satisfaction, behind the?!??... He can't believe he saw that, it looked half the width of her, behind all the things nobody expects to see is a man with healthy black skin, boyish charm, and a flat face like a carefully bred housepet.

---C6, Scene 11: A Dessert Warrior Boob Ca-ke

One man enters, two men exit, they have a special bond, so to speak. They discover a delicacy waiting. Three beauties in layers like a cake from the top, white wings, arms behind back bound by black strands, ass, pussy wet with girlcum, clit, three pairs of legs bound, clit touching clit, pussy, ass, pussy, ass. The men go to the other side to see. Around, to the top of their heads, the women's faces are so pretty, the angels are making out with Dread, who's laying on her large breasted angel, while the other's tits are mashed against hers. The two men seem to have a mutual understanding, and proceed to fondle the women's faces and tits until they're satisfied.

One man chants, pulling down his pants, his cock already hard, it grows, and precum spills, a pleasure to be sure. The other need no such thing, his dick forever shall be corrupted by the prostate of E. His corrupted dick is almost a quarter his height in length, it has writhing legs like a millipede on either side that flares out from the tip down to his ballsack, its chords and veins stick out like its flexing with tremendous force, his clothes don't come close to covering it. The women are already such a mess, but there's more the duo of lust-filled men can do here. The dancer gets a nice double blowjob, the one beneath unwillingly has the cock pressed against her face while her angel facing her happily laps at the cock head, it still has that soft bulbous tip that she likes and it's sensitive. The other sticks his throbbing knob down the remaining girl's throat with her head tilted back. The two men came as much as they liked, covering the faces of the three beauties. So close to an ancient scourge, the demonic cock could force her mouth open and plunge in delivering its juicy payloads when the former dancer sought fit. They go back to the lower half. The angels kept working at the middle, curdling her nethers the whole time. Their frothing pussies were absolutely glazed over including her own. Now it's His time.

They're forced to pleasure tentacles orally, and a load of frothy stuff crackles around Dread's face like soda pop as it covers hers and the angels, targeting their faces, their breasts, completely hiding their features. Cum runneth out their assholes as sperm pours down their gullets, squelching, tentacles plunging deep. Dread is able to force them and the payloads out with her inner strength, but the tentacles wrapped around the angels tits make them lose concentration, and the tentacles make way through, exiting their assholes, only resting for a moment, then immediately going back out the way they came in. The women are neatly piled back up with them all facing down. The angel on top is turned around, and when she thrusts into the spawn's face she delivers her girlcum all over that ridiculous gooey face she's been given. Exquisite.

Exquisite taste. Not once, but twice a layer of cake for them to devour. A cock like the dancer's, next to three beautiful orifices that aren't prepared, covered in frosting, it wriggles around excitedly feeling the folds and skin next to it like it had a mind of its own until he puts it in the angel. She lets out a very good sound. When he flexes his cock it extends its own pair of wings, the few feelers outside her go wide, the ones inside pull the woman's entrance apart and the fluids pour out onto Dread's unprotected face. The warrior's writhing her muscles, trying to break free of the tentacles, to mate with full force, or to escape, it's hard to tell. Without her armor, she's very flexible, he remembers well. Well, the dancer pulls out, the soft feelers billowing out much wider than anyone has reason to be prepared to see, it's always exciting, they support the shaft as they scrape their way through and control how far in it all goes. He sticks his dick down into the throat of Lust and the sensation of his snake finding itself in such an awful place to dig down is very satisfying, almost as much as shooting its full load of venom inside. Ichor runs out her mouth. He can see her throat flex, drinking up all that toxic stuff. Now his girl has a taste for him, he didn't need to be in her more than a few seconds, he thinks that's good enough. He takes it out and tries out the ass being unwillingly presented to him, white wings flap, and some kind of enraged 'egrrr' comes out the other end like a snarling dog. Her anus was tricky for the thing to manage but it could do stuff to her that a little butthole wasn't ready for, almost god-like stuff, a few chutes made their way in with lubrication they inject preceding it the serpent slipped right in after. He tilts his head back at the new sensation. If he thought about hurting her, his cock would not dare betray this feeling. It was generously lubricating her, the oils spill out onto the face below even while the feelers guide as much back in as possible.

On the other side. The rugged man enjoyed an angel's face in throws of passion. He felt the angel with his hand until he was hard again, something so amazing like this, he'd be a fool to overlook her genitals that were so sensitive while there was another guy drilling into her from behind. But now he wanted a more primal dish. He felt the pussy that betrayed him and pressed his cockhead into her. Dread completely stops any entry into her. Not even the god before them could overpower her domain. Damn. After fucking the angel, this spelunker was going to impregnate the woman he despised. But that isn't happening. Denial was something a woman was allowed, in his mind he still thought so, although he moved to contradict. He felt for her clit with his hand even though he saw it, it's swollen, a very easy mark. He fingers her pussy. He also feels the angel's below to compare. He feels the nub, red lingerie touching his palm. Wings, he thinks, just like the others. Was this really an angel? And the moment he put one finger close to her entrance, her body thrust towards it forcing his finger in knuckle deep. Ah!! The women aren't willing to rest even laying on their back, in that case, I'll take the next step. He takes out a whip and snaps it with incredible accuracy on Dread's clit. He can't hear much of a response from either, he only hears an overflowing throat pie. He can clearly see the speed at which her lower muscles contracted and the juice squirts out of her contracting vulva, her cup runneth over and it spilled over her anus onto the devil below, and she reflexively angled herself to catch the cum inside. Trying not to dwell, he focuses on Pink. He presses his finger against her clit again, sure she was still feeling it. One way or the other, she came back for him, so he'd make her 'cum' for him. He stuffs the angel's face above into the pink witch's pussy, into her wetness and rubs his cock between the pairs of lips cupped together to enjoy controlling his own climax, using their bodies, and what a load it was once he finished, it's possible a warlord will still take his seed if any gets in.

The men have a little inquiry, "Does your culture have angels and devils?" The Adventurer asks. The other man nods, and a mischievous smirk emerges, "which would you rather fuck?" Another dance will follow, the men agree on it. The man who believed in angels lifts one off Dread, her arms still bound. And the other gets another equally rare mate, "together" the angels touch together, recognizing each other, their faces show some sense of danger but they don't quarrel. Two boats passing in the night. The men holding their forearms drag them back slightly, slipping into them. From this position their faces are close, staring directly together. The men take them from behind, the energy entering them, wonderful. "Together?" Nod for yes. They step forward pushing the two angels together holding their arms. Breasts together, hard nipples head-on, it's amazing, the Adventurer saw it, he didn't believe it. The angels can't handle it. Their sticky faces press together, the image is unbearable not only for men but the god looming near them. They lose control for some time as their boats collide, the angels wriggle and squeal from the tickle, or maybe pleasure, it's hard to tell. They fight by shoving their asses back into the men, and each time they recognize it makes their tits move too fast and touch, their fate to cum just from devouring their prey, wings held upwards it's very easy to see one angel's face from behind the other, to the men's delight. "Get them closer." They push the women forward until their clits collide and the women start jittering like there was an intense danger. It's like that, the dude with a hat's remembering, both like this before, they fucked each other. Like it's pure instinct to force the other to cum as hard as possible and escape the touch of another angel. The dancer just wants to fuck both the holes and lets go of the woman's arms to spread her ass with one thumb digging in, pulling it open. She lets out a yelp. However, this lets her hold the other's face and cram her cute little tongue down her friend's throat. She holds the other, their breasts stop swaying, and she's able to lean forward separating their clits, a trail of something really nice and sticky connects them at the waist. The adventurer observes the trained muscles of the woman in front of him. Amazingly, they produce so much force with so little. What kind of sensory organs do they use to determine he's about to? Smack! The woman's ass is all he sees as his cock is engulfed the instant he felt good, forcing his cum into her. The women look back, cum was what they crave, they were like hawks giving fellatio to field mice. The men are losing it, it's too good, they grip the hips of two heavenly creatures and fuck like kings. The second angel's arms are free, and they hang down uselessly, any movement would cause an intense shock to her and the other like this, why spoil the enjoyment?

In the distance, an uncomfortably cute girlish voice, "Don't think you've won." It's that confounded woman. Who was she speaking to? She gets up and runs towards the door saying that. The two men release their mates to look up. The angels remain stuck like glue, with their tits docked, waiting for the next moment to swallow the seed of Adam in a big gulp. A helping hand comes to them, in the form of a big fat tentacle invasion. They're shoved back together while huge prehensile things squeeze between their tits and encircle them. The speed they vibrate together with their tits and clits fondled makes them blur. If anyone or anything could confuse their sense of timing and accuracy it was the infinite skeet being shot in ropes like party favors along their privates and through the middle where they touched repeatedly. When He draws them in, their breasts are kneaded and milked by His own hands, it looks like an ox with hands would look if it could breed and milk simultaneously. His dick is finally erect, a cry of despair escapes the white 'true' angel while penetrated, his hands clasping her udders and flattening them, making her breasts stretch, her nipples that were pointy don't lose shape but they expand from the blood redistributing. He's playing with one. His enormous tentacle cock finds its way to the other. It's non-stop, he cums, until his main phallus finishes in earnest, the body of his first mate stops vibrating or thrusting against the pervader of flesh and tits. He shoves his tongue down the other's throat and cums gallons onto her face while they remain quietly in place, again he gropes her tits like funbags and she spasmodically slaps her clit until both girls go off in one big blowout climax.

One very horny Pink lets out her own yell of despair at the sight, missing out on that, and cuts around the corner out of view. She finds a hiding spot and masturbates allowing the rest of His cum to finish its work on her.

---C6, Scene 12: Heaps of Fortune

Some time has passed.

In one half of the world, a man and a woman join. There's a perfectly well-made bed, in a moon-lit room, and they are doing it on a chair like the first time they met. She can't believe he was there all that time. Her unprotected curves encircle his dick and she twists about like a hurricane struggling with the beast within. She's always been hoping to feel him like this again. The man takes control and does his own special move, his dick twists and twirls inside with a mind of its own as the flesh around tries to cave in. His skill, especially while sitting, has reached heights nobody ever will, second brain stuff. She can tell, holy shit he's even better now. They fuck like that on a creaking chair until their primal urge is relieved. The woman stands up cum pouring out. Even with her armor removed, she can't do anything about wasting his cum. She gets down and sticks his lively dick in her mouth and its happy ridges partly wrap around her face touching her ears and sliding up her nose causing a very human sneeze and wet eyes to finish him off, and his stuff came out of her nose. He's not ejaculating from the tip alone. It's like she's addicted to his cum after he forced her to drink it. This much discomfort was ok for another shot of it in there. The guy's happy to screw Dread in her ass soon after, with her enthusiastically consenting until the very end. She pops the big question mind-fucking him mid-anal when she felt his full mast stretch her insides, "Now that I gave you everything. Where are you hiding the wonderful prostate?" Silence resumes for all but the slap of her ass.

"Still not going to tell me? Then I'm going... to... have... you... try... something else. Unnnhuuh!" She's done but they keep going until he fills her with cum. She opens the door and whistles and in walk an entourage of women, tanned desert warriors, scandalously revealing suits. "For the rest of your days," he thinks this must be something big and tries to listen for a tell in her voice, the women he's been having sex with love to play tricks, "these women will interrogate in my place." The entourage allows someone to the front. Out walk two angels red and white hair holding a champagne bottle each. The clothing color coordination is reversed, the red-haired one's wearing white and vice-versa. Looking at Red, the lingerie is a sheer nightgown that won't touch her breasts, as usual. It stops above the naval. There's a colorful tattoo between her navel and clit. She's smooth-shaven. Everything's visible straight through the silk panties which are simply thongs. Anal beads hang out behind them. Every colored iris in the room aimed at him, suddenly intensifying his interest. The two up close now offer silver platters for him to see closer.

The one in red looks incredibly smug, the one in white is almost disgusted, "They'll become tame when you pierce their nipples with these." The ancient conniver says. Once she betrayed the secret of the two women, she became giddy like she couldn't help it. All the nipples in this room were erect, a detail he was just brought to, he could see through the sheer clothes of the tribe. The powerful women who could mate him properly were much closer. The white angel looks upset now, "Please don't, we're perfectly capable of servicing any master. If you do that, we can't-" The other interrupts. "Don't say it!" The man squeezes an angel's breast for the first time and she almost drops her plate, white hair delicately flowing up behind her. She can't tell what's on his mind. Doesn't she expect to have sex with him soon? There are two angels. Their puffy pink nips point straight up like totems, isn't there a game that children still play where he came from? Climb a tall pillar and grab the ring. He takes the first piercing in his other hand. He ought to know the difference between 'tame' and 'wild' at least. Dread is covering herself, her finger presses into her clit. "O-h-o fu-ck," White says her throat catching on spittle and forcing her to swallow repeatedly. She breathed in accidentally. He's already doing it so suddenly. He threads the ring and her nipple. It strains, pulling upwards and back, higher, swelling to almost double size, the process resembles a confectionary masterpiece rising. The tip strains at such an inclination it tilts backward, its pink perch turns pastel with only the areolae freckling the mound. He thinks he felt It move, such a provocative sight, he'll cum between them soon. The face of a tame woman is incredibly red, her eyes are redder, her iris is absolutely ablaze staring with amazement. "Ah. The other!?" She sounded excited. What's going to happen? The red angel is covering her own mouth. Was she enjoying her friend getting broken? Dread puts up her left arm, as if aware she was in danger of becoming a target. Did he get any ideas? Her finger is pressing into the edge of her own areolae her right nipple fully exposed and white hard. In fact, many women are starting to edge, like they weren't just there to punish the angels, but there was something else. Weren't the women here so that he'd do this for them? He holds the next angelic breast in his hand, it deforms to the shape of his fingers. She tilts her head back like it's too intense, the white hair flowing down her back. "You came? What's going on with your breasts?" As if nobody thought of it. He feels like he needs to have sex again soon, too soon to waste time on this. His attention returns to the orb of pleasure before him, nipple pronounced, a woman presenting the objects of her own demise. He twerks the other nipple and she makes little mewling noises. He should suck on this one to his heart's content before he uses it in other ways, he'll finish inside her again while she's still half-tame, the wild ones are expecting a show.

---C6, Scene 13: Inheritance

In the other half of the world, a rugged man hands this 'thing' to the uncle. It's kind of like... you know what bunny ears look like? "If you touch it," he says, hesitating a moment, "don't shove it up your ass. You'll be a fuckboy." And to emphasize this point, there's a dickpic from the dancer whose age is really a mystery at this point. "Do you want it to look like this?" The man he's talking to showing signs of his age. He slides a drawer full of Doujinshi shut and nods as if to show he understands, or agrees, or was that a 'yes indeed'. Whatever the implication was, the treasure hunter is going back to his harem.

The old man sits down at his desk. He has his secretary in a bunnygirl suit file it for him in the library after the benefactor left. The fate of mankind was to fuck like the animals they love so dearly. There are so many beautiful girls fucking everywhere. With his wife out of town he would have to make due.