Continuing from pink alignment
[Pink] Bondage, Spanking, Transhumanism

Study Buddies

He exits the study. I need a sock down my pants, there's going to be a stain. He's surrounded by women seducing him endlessly with their amazing body shapes, he stops every few seconds to stare at them. Ah, here it is. His pulsating cock seethes with corrupted energy. This is the life my uncle left for me, I should make the most of it. There's a woman placing books high on the shelves while she stands on a ladder. He can see her taught ass flex as she moves. "Hold it right there." He says to her. The crease of her ass, he can practically imagine what it must feel like. "Don't move." She stands still. She must have believed it was meant for her. He takes out his cock and rubs it against the back of her, a glob of thick jelly produces onto her upper calf. He can't stand it, he pulls down her pants. Her panties are there, he pushes them aside and shoves his face in with a loud splat. Another woman reading a book exclaims "Oh!" He glances over with a really stank look and sees her look away. He 'helps' the woman down and takes her right there standing while facing each other. You can't imagine how damn good this feels after reading the book so long, her fertile moist vagina is being sewn by one so horny, impeccably virile. His dick is corrupt and boiling over cumming into her. It doesn't need to make sense. His seed spills onto the floor, the woman he just came inside turns and bends over spreading her butt.

He wakes up in the study. A wet dream? He'll need to wear three socks from now on or he'll look silly. He retrieves the prostate, its corrosive magic even now permeates this library. There it is, sealed in a curio, on second thought he better not touch it, there's nobody around unless he's imagining things. He scours the mansion for another clue, another chapter. Found one. He gets seated, removes his shoe, and...

---Chapter 7, Title: Daughter of Charity

---C7, Scene 1: The Sadistic Guardian

Dread chants something with nine points and Zeth's name. A titan emerges. He's sort of like a giant beetle. The way he was able to walk was a mystery. Rippling white muscles with red bloodlines are exposed between armored red plates. The mouth on this thing looked like it could open to expose his entire insides. The rest is hidden within. He grunts to suggest Dread should get good and ready. "I'm not here to fuck." She says and seems to accidentally bow her head without trying to. "You need to keep her there," gesturing at Illmuire's essence. Her tongue is beckoning to the Pink folds of her nethers tantalizing, cunnilingus for two. "Knock knock," He says. " What is it? No, I don't..."-"suck my cock." Two female nuns cover their faces. He laughs. They laugh. He darts a few pink ribbons out around the room and they wrap around the women. Then he picks them up. They laugh like they lost their mind until they're neatly tucked away. "Those women are with us, you should give them back." He pretends to look around, for a crab that's amazing, "What women?" Although when he opens his mouth she can see they're getting fluffed and oiled up. Something's put on their head. They're trying to be quiet but one laughs and disappears, reappearing a moment later with her top removed her hands over band around her chest shyly. She'll have to make an order for new nuns. This one's going to be used up soon.

---C7, Scene 2: She Consented

It begins with a nun, completely indistinct from other women of the cloth. She's walking past the pew and sees a crumpled body of a woman in pain "Help! There's s a raped and battered woman in the pew." She hurries over yelling, "Help. Help!. There's a vagrant about, look for a trail of blood! She's been peckered. Did anybody see anything?? A woman was raped! Some randy bloodsucker punctured her V-g'eii-ner" Two portly nuns walk over. "Oh dear, there's been an altercation. You aren't allowed to leave. Escort this woman to her cell." Does she think it was her? "Am I a suspect? I called for assistance." One of them seemed to just roll his eyes. Hers, her eyes, she's pretty masculine looking, "That's what a guilty person would say. All will be revealed in due time. For now, we must investigate this woman for devilry." Translation, they don't want her there while they put things up her ass. And they lock the nun who just arrived from another country into a cell.

Two portly men wearing nun-habits speak. "Her defiled body was found. Not to worry, we caught the one calling for help before it got out of hand. Let's enjoy this one again, then we'll deal with our suspect in equal measures." They laugh. They pull out their cocks. One bends close to the woman's face, "Do you consent?"  Tearful eyes the woman has, red from crying, she's wearing an onyx necklace, her fingernails are painted black. "Yes, I'd give everything to feel that again. It's the best, I renounce god. Fuck the holy mother. Fuck the church just put it in me. Please." They seem satisfied with the yes, their rough hands touch her "...oh god oh god, oh my gaah!" And her last few words are struggling out whilst being screwed out of her mind. "I have a paddle here. Maybe it's worth spanking her?" The other says with a straight face, "What are we animals?" They slap her ass with a paddle with the nun habits on, the natural order of things.

In the cell. The prisoner holds up her hood. She has amber eyes, call her Amber. She puts her fingers under the hood and gasps. Just a little more. There was a woman who pleasured men in her neighborhood. Just thinking about it her mouth opens, her smile perks up, everything felt so good. Her finger stimulates the pearl and her radiant glow shines, she smiles with the light in her amber eyes. The deed is done.

Another shorter nun opens the door, she's probably not older than her. She's pretty short. She's most likely younger, Amber's jealous of this girl. Her eyes are yellow? "Get up immediately. Your stay for trial is over. You're being moved to a more formal chamber for questioning." Amber holds her hands. "I must expose the truth about the ravaged woman, and uncover the church's foul deeds. I'd stake my own life on it. Please help me." The younger one nods, "In that case, you'll stake your ass on it. I'll be right there ass on the line if you aren't in that location soon enough. Come with me." Amber interjects, "Sisters until the end?" Then she holds up her cloth hood revealing irises, golden rimmed, golden-haired, although faded in the center, Goldie.

---C7, Scene 3: The Bond

The body is gone. "Taken to a hospital bed." The woman wasn't so badly injured, but she couldn't have left the monastery in that condition. Amber must find out what is going on immediately. They encounter more nuns along the way gracefully nodding to them. "Sisters, we're looking for." No. Gold touches her arm to silence her, "The prisoner is heading to her next juncture."

As they exit up a flight to the next floor, Amber and Gold are transported to another parallel plane of existence. An astral plane. There's a place of worship of some sort. Statues, a penetrated woman, Amber can't look at it for long. Gold seems mesmerized by the woman's physical stature and caresses her face and licks it. There's a man. His cock is visible. Amber wipes her mouth with a dark sleeve. Gold seems curious but not too fond. There's a woman similar to Gold in bondage like she's actually being mistreated for her enjoyment. Amber distracts Gold and quickly pushes her along. There's a skinny woman, seemingly under-fed. The woman with actual clothing on, covering her face. They respectfully nod at the woman for her modest look. A man, they nod at him. Amber squeezes her legs together at the image of a serpent crawling under his shirt and perhaps his flesh. Gold touches the bulge. "Don't." Amber shakes her head, not finishing the thought. Gold smiles at her. A man in a brimmed hat, quite striking. Amber stares for a while and wipes her mouth again. Gold is looking at her curiously when she looks back down for a sign they were finished here.

They reach the end and Amber puts her hand on the flesh-bound book. They return to the material world.

Upstairs, "This is the place." Gold states matter-of-factly, like, it's finally over. She unlocks the room she indicated, opens the door, her small frame looks cute next to the heavily reinforced wooden door, and she lets Amber go in ahead.

---C7, Scene 4: Oath and Romance

It smelled familiar. There's pained moaning. That's the first thing someone would notice, Amber couldn't help expect. This must be the woman's recovery bed. Candles were lit around the room keeping the place passably visible. Indeed there was a bed. Some perfumes in the air attempted to cover the body odor and something else. There's a monk and a nun. They beckon to her, "You sit in this chair." It's a wooden chair.

She sits down and rests her arms on it. The door shuts, her friend isn't in the room with her. This isn't right, is it? Amber suggests, "Have the woman there clear my name and I'll continue investigating." The monk's response is reassuring, "Just hang on while we finish preparing your bed." The man's touching her shoulders. A man, she realizes. Oh, it's so good. Amber deplores, "Thank you it was so stressful coming all this way." The masseuse puts a little more gusto in and it hurts good. There's a wooden bed to the side, the woman there moves it to the middle of the room. The woman moved the bed and simply states, "A deep backrub will clean your body of impurities." The man doesn't speak and helps the traveling nun lie down in the bed, her neck is poorly supported on the flat solid wood but she's ok resting on her arms.

He continues to rub her back, removing her clothes. "I swore not to show my body like this." She weakly protests. Her corset layers of clothes are still on though. He rubs her back through the clothes. Oh dear, her corset's coming loose on top and chafing, he could tell. "Here let me get that." He begins lifting up her silk shirt to unfasten her so the hooks don't scratch her. "No, it's fine if I do it right?" She stops and allows Amber to sit up, in order to adjust her corset. This involves her arms going into her shirt and with some elaborate maneuvers her tits were free. The corset came off, she felt naked wearing nothing but a silken undershirt and her bloomers with a man there. The back rub keeps going until she's totally relaxed. "Turn on your side." She didn't understand. "Pardon?" A backrub is for the back. "A woman's chest beats with the same heart as man's. Do you feel it?" Come to think of it her heart's a pitter-patter.

A heart massage. He's going to touch her. She shifts to her right side on the hard wooden bed. From this angle he could be looking at her figure, the corset gone, she can't hide her excitement building in her. Her heart's about to be touched by a man. How much cleansing must she endure? He cups her breast and works near her armpit. She recalls something about a heart massage. "You said something about my heart. Don't you have to press harder than that?" He pushes her breast and squeezes it. "Ooh. Ooh." He puts his hand under her hem. This is uncalled for but a past life returns to her, she'd so something like this for men. She'd take charge. Her blouse slips up over her naval and he rubs his hand there. "The second part requires you to take your clothes off." She sits and removes her bottom and top. "Back on the bed."

She lies face down. Now his hands were on her skin directly. Never mind her figure. When he rubs her bottom, he could stare directly into her lust-filled garden. The monk takes off his shirt and his body is covered in oil. He rubs oils onto her. His dick getting harder under his own remaining clothes. He works her lower back. He presses a thumb to her anus, relaxing her, she pushes out in case he decides to go further, it's her instinct at work. She could take charge now. He pours some oil directly on her and works her armpits. "Get on your side." He works from her foot to her calve, then her hamstring. He works his fingers between the crack of her butt, she endured it. He could see everything as plain as day at this point, was she attractive? His solid, stretched-out pantaloons implied he thought so. His fingers slip around her modest nipples delivering the oily payload. "On your other side" He repeats the process but her vulva tickles like he's playing with it.

She says "Please do it, a little more and my oath of loving only one man is broken." Then he put something into her, she only has a moment of pleasure before recalling what she was here for. His dick pumps in and out of her delivering a sensation she never could truly forget, the craving. On her side, leg lifted in the air, at the edge of this wooden bed, he screwed her until she ran out of energy. Then he lie her on her back and screwed her in missionary. Then he lifted her legs up and she could see his impossibly large penis enter her. In a mating press no less, she climaxed again, he might have come too it's hard to tell. She's helped onto a wooden frame and her arms and legs are bound to it while she rests.

Hanging there for a while, she starts to think this isn't a very normal monastery. There was a client who used to- Gold enters the room to deliver food and respite. The man and woman there have been tickling her, and every few hours force her to climax by putting something in her vagina. Her tits are not unattractive apparently, because the woman often prods them till they're erect. The man's obsessed with putting his thing in her and getting close to her face, rubbing her sore muscles with his hands until she's completely worn out, then he'll let go of her and pretend it meant nothing. And this whole time they're ignoring the poor woman behind her now, she's so noisy she must be in dire need.

The two leave the room, some important business. Gold is on watch. "Free me," Amber says. "Free us." Someone in the back repeats her. It surprised Gold. She decides something at that moment and undoes Amber's restraints. She goes over in the back and returns. She's wearing a strap-on. She fucks Amber like that, against the bed, and slaps her butt. Amazed at how good it feels. The woman behind her, small, but impossible to predict. Amber says nearly in tears "It's not happening," Amber cums and it feels like she's fallen for her friend.

---C7, Scene 5: Sex Dungeon

Amber wakes up. "Free me." She says to Gold, the moment of weakness hidden from her embarrassment. The gold-eyed girl doesn't have to think long about it and helps her friend. "Isn't there someone in the back?" Gold shakes her head. Gold says, "I watched them doing things to you, I wanted to help you but." Amber doesn't heed her and looks anyways. There's something big, there's one woman there, a girl, head shaven down like she were a repentant nun. And all her clothes were removed but the belts wrapped around her, her arms, and her legs, and her nipples, to a wooden board between them, she's on a real bed judging by the way she moves on the springs. Gold tries to stop her with her plea, "Don't wake him up. Don't go back there." Moving closer, the girl, drool slips down out of her mouth. She can't speak can she? She falls down from her risen position, letting out another painful to hear moan. "Wait, I'll help you down." Amber takes her under her armpits. The broken thing doesn't argue but then the bed moves. "Fuck fuck fuck." The girl says holding Amber back. It moves, it's alive?

The entire thing around her moves. It pulls in its middle, lowering the woman again, tilting a maw that was invisible till now, to point upwards. The head of a woman emerges. She looks ok but she's covered in goop. It leans forward onto the woman bound in leather and the other slides out enough for her breasts to expose and lay on top of the other. She appears to get stuck on the way out. She's right in front of Amber's face. On closer inspection, she's produced varicose veins marring her appearance. She can't be much older than her forties. "Can you pull your arms out? Then I can help pull you out." Amber suggests. The woman understands and reaches one arm out, there's a number of small fibers stuck on her. Amber's hair gets caught in the other woman's hand when she leans forward. She feels her tongue slide in, and something wraps around the back of her head. The first one she attempted to rescue leans forward until her face is between Amber's tits. She moans again and her stomach growled. The woman is holding Amber too hard towards her face and their lips touch. Was she actually? Something's going in, her head back away the tongue is too phallic and long, below it is the woman's tongue. It's going in deeper. "Oh no, no ton't," Gold is going to see, for much too long after the realization, their faces connected. The woman below writhed and moaned. Her insides were completely navigated. The monstrosity continues to enjoy the women it already had, and now one more. She forgot about her modesty and waited for her exposed ass to finally be relieved. Something long slides out of her ass surprising the onlooker. The woman sinks back, her arm is pulled back under, her breasts slip under, and she's taking Amber with her although their faces part enough you can see the connecting strand between them again. A big globe-like sac of fluid emerges from her mouth and then gouts of jellied spunk. The tentacle slowly ascends back in her anus after squeezing out a decent amount of its own. Then it made its way all the way out. It makes a brief stop to tickle the bound woman. This was not something they could deal with. The woman sinks back in completely and it sits back in its original place.

The woman in belts titters and wails but doesn't fight as the two nuns pull on her. Then escort her out of that place. A portly nun and monk returning catch them. Naked they can't do much to fight. They're brought back in. Powerless. Now humiliated. A ring gag is forced into Amber's mouth and she sees Gold shaking her head but once it's in her face is priceless. Belt doesn't seem to care. Leather harnesses are put on them tight around their skin. Amber's tits feel like they're being squeezed. They're forced to stand completely still while the woman examines them. "You're lucky to be with us, this is a treat." She had to be kidding.

She holds the bondage slut first by a leash and takes her to the table. She bends her over and slaps her ass. After ten slaps the oily man with a huge cock trades places. The other one's busy lubricating the equipment. Gold's look on her face is to die for. (Slap) He slaps her butt slowly stoping to enjoy her noise. They can see the skin quivering, and the woman's responding by pulling her legs up. He grabs her and lifts her easily, placing her back in the correct position each time. He feels her ass, Amber jealously sees his thumb crease her darkened anus, his dick's hard. Her mind wanders to that creature in the back when she hears a pained moan from that woman again. The man and woman swap again. She has something like a switch, and she touches the girl's bottom and whacks her good one. This repeats on her legs which redden. She takes something like a tiny mallet and bends it back, it propels forward and smacks the girl's anus, kind of like flicking someone with your fingers, but it gets stuck and it's very effective from the abused woman's voice. They remove her, putting her on a restraining board.

Amber's next to the bed. The man lets her kneel and shoves his dick between her tits. She tries to suck the tip but only goes down below the head. He grabs her head and pushes her down until she gags. When he finally stops she tries even harder to please him, staring at him all the way, but in the end, she's forced to stand and lean on the side of the bed. "Unnn nnn't." She gets slapped on her ass while his huge dick prods into her, he's very close. "I kkkg looh yaa." He slaps her ass again and pulls it to the side making her anus visible, her soft butt conforms. He fingers her pussy and slaps the other buttcheek. The woman trades places. She slaps Amber like he was, beginning her treatment. She can hear Gold starting to whine. He brings Gold to the other side of the bed and grinds the shaft of his huge bony dick against her back. Her eyes are wet and she won't open them, and although she can't control it her mouth is wide. Amber and golden eyes look at each other. He holds a candle up dripping wax onto her back. He must be toying with her pussy as well. He holds her hips and there's more rough motion, Amber starts screaming, but his dick is visible, he's not fucking her. Was it so painful? MAYBE!! "Ho-"- Amber lets out her own shriek when a crash and spread splintering surprise runs up Amber's spine , her legs wobble uncontrollably when the mallet head bashes into her anus. She's much tighter than the other girl so it didn't plug her. She doesn't stop yelling until her lungs empty. She's brought to stand aside while Gold's finished. The guy's grinding against her anus without force. He looks like he's about to cum anyways, he's speeding up making Gold even noisier. He's handling her butt with such intensity he might put a dent in it. Amber's excited she can see her friend's blonde trimmed pussy. He releases her hips and pushes her onto the table more so her hips are pinned to it. He grabs her locks of hair, and her body is rocking back and forth, is she about to cum too? "Holy Shet. Huc naiach." (Gold means to say 'fuck my ass') And she begins trying to move against him forcing out a climax, something taking over her gradually, her body spasmed a bit too hard to be intentional she belted out a kitten's growl like it felt great. He was too close to make it into her anus and the taunt was enough to do him. He cums onto her back, rubbing against her twitching anus and back from the head of his dick to his balls. He spanks her with both hands clapping her ass against his thick head. He tries to fuck her ass anyways while they're both still heated but he's too soft after she took him by surprise like that. Good one. Gold's got this guy under control despite the power dynamic. He drapes her over the bed instead of escorting her back right away. The woman with cum on her rests face down with her legs hanging over the edge of the bed, some of it finds a path down past her anus and it causes her genitals to twitch for all to see while it beads on her clit and the ridges of her vulva. Amber can feel her own needs growing at the sight.

---C7, Scene 6: Monster Creep

They were all tied down onto wooden objects and the ring gags were replaced with smaller cylinders to save their tongues in case it got too intense. Amber was placed on an X-shape which was very uncomfortable spreading her legs. Now she knew how it felt. In actuality, she was starting to fall into her old ways of whoring and prostitution. If she pleased the customers enough they even treat her nicely. The man's working his dick between her tits while she's been rotated sideways and it's not the best feeling in the world but she's smiling while he did it. He's holding her bottom breast while the top one feels the grind of his upwards curvature. She's upside down. The guy's butt's not all that, is all she can think. He's still rubbing between her tits with a belt holding them in place. The woman announces, "It's time."

Two are escorted to the back at once, Amber's turned right-side-up and given time to recover. "No! Noo!" Was that the nun? "Fuck fuck fufukkgggnnn!" That had to be the other girl, Amber decides the girl's name is going to be Belt. The first one crying was Gold, always. She's still screeching up a storm. She's removed from the apparatus on her feet. The floor feels cold. Around the corner, a short distance away, she sees that woman out of the thing's head. Come to think of it, she never heard Belt say much, maybe the woman was still there, mentally. But, the image suggested otherwise, she was forcing a kiss with Belt while Gold yelled, seeing the big protruding object out the woman's ass. While she was being held like that the man and woman hold her arms back to strap them. Once finished, the creature reclined pulling her onto his stomach so she was on her knees. He has an erection, two actually. Amber's brought forward. Not this again. Come on. She looks at Gold, "Has this thing ever done that to you?" She shakes her head. "Don't make him cum. You can't make him cum inside you or it's all over. You'll be like them." It didn't look like she had any choice. They forced her behind the other girl, twosies riding horseback, but the thing out Belt's ass slid up between Amber's tits close to her face and it was a pretty sizable thing for a man's dick. Feeling the 'insertion' the dick began pumping. She felt his erection on her back, he grabs her arms, she didn't even know he had hands, he must have been waiting for this moment. There was something romantic about it lifting her up before she felt it successfully grind an inch into her making her reflexively grip. I'm not a whore, not anymore. He can't cum in her, she'll have to outmaneuver him. She grabs his dick with the back of her knee. Gold's protesting as she's being prepared to take his other cock in some manner. Maybe the guy thought a quadruple-anal attack was a fitting way to get revenge for her surprising the dickens out of him with her own mind game earlier. Amber slips, one finger inserts and he squeezes her bottom. Gold's wailing from her own insertion at this point or was it just ribbing her anus, it's hard to tell with her. The giant grabs her legs, she didn't have time to... he gets her good, she lets out a hoarse roar of indignity for several seconds as the burning subsides.

Dick, dick, don't let it cum. There's very little movement. She sees the penis in front of her and starts rubbing her tits on it. It's so similar to a real man's, she knows it well. It came, a little. She sticks her tongue into the tip. It certainly is a man's. She looks up but only sees the bony spine of an emaciated woman she's named Belt. Maybe that's too mean. She reaches down to feel where the dick is exiting Belt's anus. She feels her own butt, the one in her ass is bigger, but Belt's is moving a lot more without encouragement. She chants blue. His dick touching her breasts grows harder and twitches, the fat head pulses a deep red, but so does the one in her. He unleashes a shock of energy which causes all the girls to start moving uncontrollably. No! Is this how he's going to force every single woman to stimulate him without his even lifting another finger? The next shock, making her jitter suggested, yes. She works her tits on his dick harder, kneading them over the thing like dough. It's not working. It's not. It starts pulling back, the tube on the underside thickens. It's working. Suck, suck it till he cums. A good deal of sperm exits the thick head onto her salivating tongue and she lets it slide off, afraid to swallow. It gently pulls back, and Amber wraps her lips around to force another blow. The dick goes back towards her and she quickly jerks her head seeing it soar and ejaculate. She did it! He fell asleep. His penis slides back down between her tits and only momentarily can't pull through, sticking out of Belt's anus before going in. Eventually releasing her and regurgitating the woman inside it who's been tangled up for a very long time. Amber gets around to releasing the others.

Gold was propped up to give him all the fellatio he needed. Her arms were tied to the posts keeping her in place and hardly contributed unless he deliberately forced his cock down her mouth. Which it might have. "I suppose after he finished with the other girls. He would have broken Gold finally and..." She glanced at Gold momentarily forgetting she was saying something that would hurt her. Thinking of the dream, and what just happened. She looks to the damsel and Belt. The girls they saved have a look, both may have lost their sanity after big dicks went straight through to the other end, or it had something to do with cum and that energy it hit them with to force coital participation. Their clothes are gathered and they continue, but putting on a corset is a pain too. They leave those to save time and escape in the nude to safety. There's a gray-haired woman they saved from being eaten. Her skin's wrinkled. Until Amber can get a name, she'll be Wisdom.

---C7, Scene 7: She Will, Love Dick

Gold is not sure about the newcomers, she keeps walking behind. Upstairs there's a library of some sort. Oh god, something's scooting around. Gold skitters her legs like that'll keep it from biting her toes. She's nearly about to scream. Amber grabs at herself, fully aware of being penetrated as soon as she felt it, a scratch at the floor, then a splat, and immediately she was wet. A foreign object is digging into her snatch and it's not any different from sex with that masseuse. She claps herself there to hide something and runs to the corner to examine it. She feels her clit, it's got something, a dick. She has a dick now, it's situated where her clit was and longer than her forearm. This isn't real, she's not a man. What does a man do? She still can't believe she's got a dick. She glances over to Gold, her initial erection straining the cloth. Was the woman so pretty before?  

They pick up a five-point thingy, who knows, it could be useful.  They found a red gem. They summon a dog to fetch a green gem, and it's so cute Gold won't let it disappear.  There's a nun with a blue gem. "Can we have that?" The woman shakes her head and seems to push out her chest, boasting massive mammaries and some taught fabric that practically conforms, it's like the cloth were perfectly shaped. Amber refers to Gold, "I'm going to need to do something to get the gem from this woman. If you don't mind waiting outside for a while." Gold shakes her head, "I'm staying to keep you safe." Amber approaches the blue gem woman, up close she can see blue eyeshadow, a bit too much for one with good taste. "I can give you this, for that gem," the dog? The woman shakes her head. "Ok then, how about we go somewhere alone." She lifts her knickers revealing the dick she just received. The woman reaches down and fondles it, not thinking it is real. It flexes like a real penis, but it's so bony and jagged, it would be rough for a woman, but for this woman, it was just right.

Amber didn't notice until now, her cunt was full of heat staring at the gem holder. Was she going to have sex with this large boobed vixen while two other girls watch her? It's so exciting. She's actually got the dick now. In her past when she was wandering the street, sleeping with every man, they had so much power when they did stuff with her it was oppressive. Even then she was able to take control. She's not a lesbian but she'll even eat the clam out for a good night's sleep.

They screw missionary right on top of a trigram with insert points. She's thinking with her dick. That's a powerful thing to her. Getting off the woman's top revealed her generous offering. They got intimate, she thought it'd be a weak point for the nun until she grabbed Amber's butt and locked her legs around her hips, pushing her in. However, the object in Amber behaves like a piston once they are flush together. Both are equally screwed by the double-ended jackhammer with knobs and ribs until it ejaculates equally in both of them. It's not 'her' dick. Her misunderstanding overtakes her sense of control. Since it attached directly to Amber's clit she thought she could really be a man, but it took advantage of them both. She gives up from the overload of her full cavern and the other one does the rest of the work while she's indisposed. The woman with blue eyeshadow gives Amber a lovely kiss, handing her the gem and reclining until the penis removed itself. Blue gets up and touches Gold's shoulder. Amber sees this move on her girl, "She's not part of the deal. Would you join us? We're trying to expose this place for its wicked deeds. As a fellow sister, wouldn't you desire so?" The woman has a mischievous smile on her. Gold lets out a little gasp despite barely being felt. So, she wants more.

Amber finishes chanting her spell for a full offensive. A corrosive purple spell seethes into her. She does another enchanting the cock and it becomes one with her, she's absolutely certain. The nun chants as well. A protective aura glows around her. Amber pushes the woman down, face-to-face again, her face is held between her soft tits and she pounds her cunt with large crashing wave noises, pussy wet waves, energy, and precum. An orgasm wracks her big titted friend like only men could fuck her before and she relishes it. She grits her teeth and jerks the stiff cock out of the soft folds, its unyielding features grinding the other woman effortlessly, making its extraction pull her beyond the threshold of composure. She pulls it out a little at a time, the intensity of the sensation absolutely to her liking, until she is no longer sheathed in the woman, her orgasmic and throaty voice filling the air. An oily black substance and quicksilver spill out after it like a faucet for a second.

She looks at Gold, the young woman's fingers are pressed low on her belly, towards the spot, she's also panting after that like she felt the force from the two of them. The only visible dick in the room dripped out a shining sacrament. She wants it. Do I give it to her? Amber shakes her own head, banish the thought as long as my willpower remains.

---C7, Scene 8: Form a Party

Adding the third gem opens the hatch. "Look a secret labyrinth. If you'd like to join us we're continuing now." The busty gal is recovering and waves assent, she'll be there soon.

They walk through a corridor. There's a girl with a really cute face holding her knickers up like they'd fall if she didn't. Gold takes a moment to check her out and Belt hugs the girl and gives her a kiss. The happy dog calms her and she follows. They enter a room with four people, men and women dressed very modestly. One woman is particularly full in the middle. The woman in blue eyeshadow has arrived behind them, and she takes the newest one's hand. In the torchlight it's evident she's afflicted with scaley skin, maybe she should be called Dry. She only had one hand holding up her knickers now and evidently, they were too big.

The four people in the room don't allow them through. When Blue entered, they were afraid even, alarmed. Red, they are wearing red jewelry. There's a theme from the tome here. One picks up a torch and swings it at Dry, who screams and runs as far from the center as possible cuddling the dog. Amber grabs the man with a torch and they all begin to brawl. The men in the group don't actually fight, they get very physical without offering any warning. Someone pulls Ambers top off revealing what everyone knew was a modest rack, but it's still riled her up. Gold is brought to a corner by the pregnant woman. The slut, Belt is down, sucking off one guy, she managed to get her arms bound behind her back, arms low, and she's really into the kinky stuff huh. Blue's forced her female combatant into a submissive posture, she's extremely ticklish and squealing from being touched all over. Blue chants and sends shockwaves through them all, but the ones affected most are the other side. Amber chants and restores herself. While chanting a man has removed his pants near her and he takes her arm, he begins tying her wrists, her elbows above her head. She greedily sucks at his head, her cootch currently in an abnormal state with an autonomous thing in it. It begins vibrating, making her hornier. When he's about to cum Amber gladly swallows him whole, and his hard cock stays hard, his grip incredibly strong he has one hand on her arm, and one on her head while he throatfucks her, cumming again, inside. Gold immediately rushed to aid her once he gets rough with amber's throat. She's making out with the man to expedite him. Blue comes over, and his cock throbs, Amber's really into it too. He's more turned on than ever. Shit, call him Chad. Was Blue a good luck charm? Like this, they easily get Chad to cum down her throat until he's worn out. Their last partner is still pleasuring the same man, Wisdom is watching her. They focus on the two women. The full one hands over some goods, a peace offering. The last one has already been beaten by Blue.

Blue glomps Gold, causing the woman to display some discomfort, fondling her, molesting her, and trying to undress her. Amber moves in between them. It was a mistake, they end up together with their naked bodies. Blue gets on Amber to take charge. Amber reaches behind Blue and spreads her ass, whistling to indicate the dog that followed was no accident. She was glad to accept anal penetration, almost encouraging it, looking quite pleased. The dog whined submitting and letting her control it once it was in. In that case, Amber summons the most powerful thing she can think of during intercourse. A five-point spell ending with Yakre's sigil. A man with a piercing gaze and a broad smile emerged. She thinks, isn't this kind of impossible? A human was just created out of thin air. For all intent and purposes, he is flesh and blood born from magic.

Blue was flustered a bit from seeing him. Her mood went from horny dom babe to sweaty hot and bothered. She was trying to watch him rather than Amber who took control of the sex. He begins playing with her face, his tongue was long. He licks her face and whispers in her ear and kisses it. He's the seducer for a woman already so aroused, her face blushes, it works. There's absolute certainty she'll give in to this new high the moment he tells her the magic words. "Bark like a dog for me. Let the little one enjoy." Now he's giving commands? He does it with a look that even makes Amber feel warm. Her attention draws him to her and his eye drops in a wink. The dog from the rear starts to move. "Arf!" That did it. The dog quickly pounds into her anally while the man holds her head from the side. Tears are rolling down her face and he slides a tongue into her mouth. He pulls his tongue out and uses it to weave a new web of wicked words, this time for Amber, "She's a nice docile anal bitch. You can play with her body in other ways. I can join if you like, summoner." The woman was completely out of it with her eyes rolled up. It was time to let her get some rest.

They continue on, there's another girl with poor skin between them and the next chamber. She'll have to join them, she's got bandages on, call her Drier. In the chamber are two women, there's also a figment of her imagination, nearly three meters tall, clearly male. Forget it, "no such thing." The sound of a woman squealing orgasmically coming inside the figment grabs her attention, he's real. The busty nun with them takes great interest in the coital giant. The woman inside comes within view hanging downwards, blue mana pouring out her eyes and mouth and then her knees come out. Despite her size and build nearly passing for the man's equal her legs wobble like rubber from some severe over-burdening. Her ravaged body healed amazingly fast in moments of it having been scorched by anti-energy and she grits her teeth for the next challenge. Something was penetrating her, when her legs swung out it was obvious. She's quite strong-looking with armor covering her chest, you could see the crack of her breast from below though. All of her but her face had symbols and signs there was once a material covering her as well as tattoos, now torn off with force or torn off with brute. A large hand wraps around her hair and pulls it up like the giant meant to remove her forcefully. Blue happily joins, feeling the remaining armor on the large woman. She kneels. A look of perverse enjoyment spread on her face while she caresses the muscular woman hanging above her still. She's turned around to face the creature and with a spike of energy, her body is suddenly limp allowing it control. He grabs her arms. Her genitals embrace the pleasure while they grind into the man again. He shifts his weight to stand, only her body falling away while he holds her arms. A mysterious aura shines, the red emblazoned woman begins yelling like a battle cry overtook her and is stifled. A tendril exits through the woman's mouth. A rush of semen squirts out her exposed pussy. The nun has exposed herself completely and holds a hand up to feel the muscular woman, she chants. Amber's dick would be harder at the scene, if that were possible, the thing's practically a tuning fork. Gold squeaks, causing Amber to look back. Again, there's a sound of loud moaning as the red armored woman's chest bulges as her stomach fills the armor. Amber might cum at the sight of it but her eyes search for Goldie.

All four of the previous party they endured followed them through, she lost count of the people there. Gold and the two younger women stand in the corner being mentally shocked by what they saw. The woman and the man in the middle of the room are significantly different in stature, but share this bond of some kind. They chant together summoning tendrils. Eventually, a tangle of blue, like a thicket, completely overtakes the scene of two women and a big man with a cavernous body. All the onlookers are dragged in from the chaos, the men are teased, their dicks are used on the other women, and multiple snakes of energy pass through their bodies. It's unclear what they felt, but they reacted. This could be dangerous.

Amber nods to her servant, if he couldn't counter this, her party was about to wipe. The man puts on a grin and goes to work, his eyes glow, smoke comes out his mouth and from under his ragged clothing. The women bound are forced to endure his smoke and mystical power. They gradually lose their sense and stop fighting it. He began molesting Blue the same as before and let out sounds of joy. His tongue slides into her mouth and he somehow manages to make her cum flicking her nipples with a finger. Only a trail of saliva connecting their tongues.

The one in red, bound to the giant, struggled while the other was busy getting tongue-tied. She fell back into her partner deeper when he held her shoulders and pushed in. The serpent-tongued man spoke to her from behind and traced a line down her back. He felt her anus but didn't use it. Was it working? The giant let the large woman exit just enough it could steal a kiss from her and she went back under looking satisfied. It forced its load into her while holding her head in and appeared to run out of energy at that. The specters of sex didn't let up, working autonomous of the caster's will. The blue energies left the summoned alone while he spread his own influence. Was Amber's mind playing tricks as well? The guy she summoned was too good!

---C7, Scene 9: Star Cross

Gold squeals and points at an altar now that everyone's tied up like mannequins. "That's. That's me. That's. What am I doing there? Why is my butt sticking out like that?" It certainly looks like a bas relief of her. Facedown ass up. There are holes near the arms and leg position. It's something to fuck. A better question is, how'd they mold her without her knowing? A metal plate is inscribed on it which reads: "Fuck the little bitch and cum inside. Make her scream. Then doors will open." Amber finishes reading it out loud, her dick is the tiptop of excitement. (Make it happen.) This is impossible, she'd never. The dream of Gold raping her, and now Amber has a real big cock showing her exciting thoughts. Gold is incredibly flustered, staring at Amber's dick. Amber, "I could never take advantage of someone who I care for so dearly. Come on, let's look for another way in." The details of the statue are amazing. She's only seen Gold with clothes on. It's missing the shape of her anus and vagina, but seeing her bare bottom so round, her fit waistline again brought back the guilt of her from then. "I want everyone here to hear me now. Ahem. We're going to get into that room and solve the mystery of this place. Everyone here should join us." There are a few here who aren't entirely humanoid, and that won't shake her resolve. "The men too. Join us."

Nobody else but Amber and Gold. Amber and Gold left the room, but everyone else was too invested in bondage sex or shooting fountains of glowing astral cum out their mouths. A sight like that was not reassuring. Amber was ready to let them come along anyways. They reach a darkly lit room. In it is a single nun, feminine, definitely a woman this time. There's a letter, on it, some incriminating business. Amber finishes reading. Gold's upset, "You talk about making me scream but you don't say a word about hidden messages. Tell me, what find you?" Straight-faced at the immature sound of her friend, the leader speaks with a deep sonorous voice, "There's a cult under the cathedral. The Hand of Manchuria never existed. Women can't climax just from their palms being felt. My mission here was a red herring. My efforts meant nothing. And the church is all talk. We're done here. I'm going to France." The one in the room before them reaches out to stop Amber. "Some can. Some women can have orgasms like that." Amber, "We're leaving." The stranger speaks again, "Wait. Take this." She hands Amber a metal cock. Something scuttles up her leg and after a moment of surprise, she has two dicks. Reeling from the insertion, she feels for the intruder. Two dicks and a metal cock. The stranger gives her a thumbs up while smiling and follows.

Back in the room where the orgy was taking place, the man's forcing his green alien gaze on one of the muscular women. He's penetrating the warrior with his fingers. A disgusting substance of some sort has been rubbed all over her face. He moves to Blue and puts his dick in her mouth, just enough to excite her. Oh, perhaps there's more to him than that. Was he trying to wear them out? The hollow creature continued mating, the new captive's belly swells and he lets her go to relieve herself. Drier moaned and kneeled in the corner to let it out. Dry and Belt have viscous pools of blue energy trailing behind their asses too. Things have gotten interesting. While distracted another thing goes straight up into Amber's urethra, that's a place she can't stop feeling it.

Three cocks, and one made of metal. What's a girl supposed to do with those? Gold gave a shriek. "What's wrong?" Amber, and sees Gold getting hoisted onto the altar. Belt, with sudden spell-bound power and lust, is forcing Gold to ride the effigy and slipping her arms into the holes made for such. Was she going to? This isn't right, yet Amber's actions betrayed her. Her desire to see this through was maxed out, the thickness at her loins taking over her body. Amber helps. Tying the helpless woman down while she begged was also something of a fantasy. Belt puts leather straps on her elbows and binds her directly to her effigy's arms. She's completely stuck. Fucking the image of Goldie doggystyle wasn't a betrayal, but fucking her for real was. Was... Her mouth is ajar as well, crying, she's imitating the sculpture to a tee. Did Goldie, watching her friend, turn her on earlier? Amber's mind goes back to the inquiry she endured. Gold was absolutely insatiable for an instant, back then she'd trade places with the man. Amber loses her cool, she places the metal dildo with a flared base into Gold's mouth. She was surprised how attracted she was to a woman, was it these things in her? Waiting for this, have we? Her stomach flexes and the cocks rise high. Gold was into it once, she'll take the burden Amber has now. The dildo falls on the floor, her mouth drooling. I can do better. Like a man cums. A man would for her, she thinks. The masseuse did her like... Belt is fingering the anus, getting no small reaction from her. Her ass was quite fine.

Amber places a hand on her head and pets her from head to the base of her spine. Amber places her clitoral cock against the anus and pushes up the hem of Gold's skirt so she can see the generous curvature only a woman has. A belt's been attached there, in the way, but she can hold that for leverage. She tries the belt and it lifts her body, her back moves up. Gold cries so loud just from watching her friend expose her, from this position. Grabbing the belt makes her shout unintentionally. This was going to be quite a ride. "Ok, let's go." An edge of her shaft rubs into the rut. Grinding her asshole is enjoyable work, like a trowel in mud she digs the soft soil. The closet slut was balling just from being felt, and every few seconds she reacted like it started over again. The other two dicks manage to fit below grinding her clit and rubbing her folds. She presses her legs together from that position tightening, thighs stimulating the pair right next to her, she's enjoying it. Gold gets really wet the stuff drips. It was the girl who betrayed her for that short while. She feels incredibly evil. She slapped Gold's asscheeks early to finish the bondage fantasy the man couldn't. Belt rubbed Gold's ass playfully, almost opening too wide causing Amber to fuck her deep too soon. She's so close she's cumming from the sight of her friend's ass. Gold screams like a little pig at the feeling of Amber hotdogging her and sometimes getting stuck on prongs. The prickly things occasionally snag her mound or butthole. Getting so close, Belt takes the shaft and forces it into Gold unexpectedly. Holding her harness under two fists she tries not to slip, her second cock enters Gold's pussy intensifying everything. The ass cheeks jiggling made her lose her mind. Gold had nothing but good things to say, going through throws of unbelievable ecstasy. It's difficult to tell when the orgasm and lust subsided. Half of it entered her own pussy. Three double-ended dicks fucking her while she fucks her friend. Too intense to remain conscious of it for either girl, three autonomous dicks took over their bodies while a third party felt Amber's tits and Gold's butt. Gold had to remain tied like that while everyone regained some sense. Her clit was rubbed with such intensity, her pussy was quite prepared, if not for her butt, which appears to be somewhat of a fetish for her, the entire room would have humped her like dogs and she'd be pregnant. She let out one long exaggerated breath to express the feeling of her friend remaining in her, the things teasing her insides before sliding in deeper, in this helpless state. The room opens.

---C7, Scene 10: Intrigue

The three women enter with Gold, Amber, and Belt. It's so big. She can see a figure having sex with another far away, she runs over to them. It's the Bishop and a nun. The Bishop is fucking a nun, "Welcome back vermin." The Bishop pulls out. What an evil fucker. Gold walks over, close to him, and gets down. "What are you doing?" Amber asks. The Bishop puts his dick in pure Gold, "What do you think about this? She's a total bang slut queen." He penetrated her orally. This makes no sense, they just saw the philanderer. Were all the women in this monastery somehow in it together, with him?

Amber comes to, his dick in her mouth. He went in without resistance. His excitement is palpable. Amber can't believe it, she was played like a fiddle. The man fucking her stops and pulls out. He looked finished. Did he cum? She's sharing a dick with her friend now. Good luck, she hears in her mind. How far gone were the two of them before they entered the room. It's too late, they'd have to endure.

The Bishop drags her to the altar. Goldie takes Amber on the altar, face-down ass up just like she was. Never in her life has Amber had sex with three men before, all three dicks return to the surface of the other woman, their loyalty mid-penetration is clear. On the receiving end, they were much harsher. In her past, she's been forced to drink cum like payment. She's done it in the ass riding horse paired with noblemen. "You're not a god." She allowed men to stare at her naked at banquets for hours. Draw on her, and draw her embarrassment onto a canvas. The pistons begin moving on their own. "No." The man speaks. She's worn all kinds of worthless clothes, play-acting for a trist. But after protecting Goldie this whole time, three peckers were able to connect them more than any sisterly bond did, and here's the proof. "You lead me on." She cries, her tears fall on the altar, the dicks are so hard and brutally rough, they twist like turbines. She has an orgasm unexpectedly. "Let it out." Her possessor drawls. The Bishop lets her suck his dick. The only dick she's felt, attached to a man in years. Goldie speeds up, all kinds of fluid flush out into Amber and red energy, nasty stuff causes the dicks to work harder. It makes Amber hornier. Then Gold peacefully slows down to bated breath allowing them to separate. The Bishop steps back.

Amber takes over on top, riding her friend cowgirl until they finish, two of the dicks are in front grinding her clit. Gold cries and then cums hard. Then one after the other the dicks release their sperm while Amber takes each one in and they escape to freedom. The Bishop is still right there watching, he casts a spell and leaves smirking. Powerful red tentacles grab Amber and restrain her suspended face down, her wrists and ankles held up behind her for several minutes, before they feel her from neck to her lips. Her face is pressed down to the girl below who's been staring up at her with glowing gold eyes. Finding her ass and clit, the tentacles brought her to climax while Gold held her.

---C7, Scene 11: You Thought You Were Big, Now You're Going to be Huge

Amber exits the great hall, orders the absolute bastard she left there to stop. He's enjoyed himself to some extremes. The captive women wait on him, some are fawning for him. He stops fucking Dry's ass, despite her name she's sopping and her lubricant is pooling below, her tongue hanging out. Amber dismisses him. The dog's waiting for an order obediently, "you should know better." His tail goes between his legs, "which girls did you have sex with?" The dog happily barks and stands near the warrior in red armor, someone who could rival that giant man who she was with. So, which felt better for her? The blue giant, the woman, the man she summoned, or the dog? Never mind, dismissed.

She makes a speech. She convinced everyone to join forces before she left, and once again, now. They were ready for her this time, her servant won them. This is what she was looking for right? A force to bring down the monastery. Everyone's with her. The Bishop and a large room was the only thing between her and Illmuire's essence. Behind Amber, a dozen cohorts, all the friends she brought with her. "What can you do to stop us? Your hypocrisy is over! You can't stop us all."

An enormous beast like a giant clam releases several women who are stunning. Sperm inside them squirts out and they wander into the group not a care in the world. "This one comes to fuck?" Amber's pussy was both dripping wet and flippantly tightening in pangs of fear. How's the rest of her party holding out? She shakes her head slowly barely able to move, unable to deny the creature that was waiting there was just a prize for it to squeeze every last bit of hope from. The Bishop turns into Dread Witch by removing her head covering, clever disguise. "Don't worry about her. She's a damn dank whore. Not worth your time. Even I could satisfy her."

The guardian puts his long arm behind the once upon a time nun, now a complete slut, and he helps her safely walk to the clamshell, "Come here sweetie, I have to tell you something." Many arms extend past her to the others. He quickly removes her only clothes and plays with her body tickling her. He is even able to hold her down and twist her body into fun positions while exploring the new form. She finds herself lodged in his inner walls while hands grope her body, she can't see anything. "So, here goes. You hurt me when you came inside, babe. I'm going to hurt you, babe. If I cum inside you it's because you hurt me bad." The other women are there. The men too, somewhere. She only has one thought as she repeatedly feels pinches and lustful pangs from the harsh treatment, her belly and womb filling with his many phallic propagations, his cumshots, his other strange feelers. To her joy Gold and the other one were always there, sharing her new experience, somehow they got there before her. Was she always so slow? The first cumshot sends her over the edge of desire and there's a flash of light, and then the entrance closes. A light inside comes on and there's someone else there. She feels pain and doesn't care, she's numb. Her body's going numb as she loses parts of her inside. She's changing. She's being baptized in fire and water. Hands touch her. Metal touches her. Numbness.

The light comes on, someone else is there. She's reborn, she is there, but it's not her body. Who is she? Her new body's ears tickle from a vibration only the women there can feel and her body vibrates back, she needed that again.

She goes to the dining table and sits with a man. They chat and he holds her hands. The vibration. She gets closer. (Zzrr) Her tits are visible, they're much more glamorous. She flashes him in the middle of the pub. She's drunk after all. (Zzrr) She gets up and sits in his lap, bending her back so he can rub her ass. That's where she wants him. (Rrr) She slides her whorish short skirt up revealing her nudity below. They go to her room upstairs and make out on the hay.

She returns to the real world. Her skin is pale, she's in a bed. The people around her are in bed. "How long have I been dreaming?" Someone answers, "...". Her skin is pale, and this is her new body from the dream. She sees Illmuire's essence and her hair is powdered white in the reflection. She looks like a marionette, her tits are too big for her own liking and they droop. A vibration gets her wet. Walls move from the pink floor up around them and the women and men get up with it. They take cups of oil and clean each other. Are her eyes still amber? It doesn't matter. She finds the man from her dream, she's drawn to him and she finishes cleaning with him. They have intercourse while glinting lights flash as their signal to end the charade and go back to sleep. The shell folds up around them hugging them tightly and its insides put them back in their places. Their bodies are reconstructed daily like forming life was as easy as building up a chess game. They try whatever sexual acts are implanted in their mind upon waking.