Continuing from pink alignment
[Pink] Chance, K-9, Ninja, All-The-Way-Through
Around The World

His sock is filled. He removes the sock. His huge erection is throbbing in agonized joy, it's so close he would have been just fine shooting his load in it right there. "I better get off my ass and find out whether I'm doomed or not." He needs to adjust the position of his boner first and tuck it back in.

Downstairs kitchen. Four hot girls. Ok, now he knows he has to be imagining things. There's one at the counter holy smoke she's got a nice ass, he can see the thick crease of her undies under her short skirt. One's in the pantry. He advances and grabs one next to the table and pushes her on kissing. It's so real, he thinks, I'm going to try using my cock. With her ass pushed up on the table they screw like college students while kissing. The one at the counter drops something and bends over. He's balls deep and watching her underwear come into view. He can feel it he's almost there. She cums before him, that's not fun, he moves to the counter.

This girl's lost something, she's still searching. Well, no need to ask if she needs his help she's not real. He forces her panties aside and both their knees buckle as his cock twitches roughly entering, her insides resist for just a moment. They do it like that until she stands up and they do it like that until he feels like he's ready to finish. He pulls her short skirt up over her waist and grabs her thick hips, damn. A few more moments and he thinks he's cumming, but he's not, it just feels like it. He needs more, he pulls out. She flips her skirt down and waggles off. Uh, two left. Window... pantry.

In the pantry the girl turns and surprises him with a kiss. He tongue-fights her to a draw and gets her top off. She's pretty eager and removes her pants for him. In the frick of it she bits his earlobe. He reaches around and feels her ass. Is she, is she? Shit she came before him again, maybe he can hold her down and force. She pushes him away. One left, this is like a really bad wet dream.

He grabs the one left and angrily guides her, pushes her shoulders through the kitchen window closing it trapping her. She's not getting away he shoves the fucker in her loose ass.

Nothing. There's nothing.

He walks to the lounge. Oh no a girl's tied up in a rope, he starts helping her down and remembers there's some unfinished business. Instead of helping, he begins relieving himself by removing his pants. She's not bad looking, the parts of her he sees anyway. He proceeds to screw her tied in bondage. She's fainting, he shakes her, continuing to vigorously screw her. She's unconscious. Ok, he helps her down then. She turns around and wraps his neck in a noose, even when he tries to stop her. Trapped him and slaps his ass with a smirk. She gets down and sucks his dick. His fingers wrap around the loop at his neck, holy fuck this feels good though. How is it turning out this way? He cums and she's sparkling clean with her hand next to her open mouth. She turns around.

Her ass is ready for second helpings apparently because she straddles him like that with her hand behind her head grabbing his. She puts him in her ass. Amazing. This can't be. She speeds up and he sees her chest bounce from the angle. "ah!" She cums, she cums real hard, he wants to. She's slowing down. The noose isn't tight so he tells her, "A few more seconds, I'm about to." She helps him with her ass until his cum drains out like he wanted. No way. She pulls away and blows a kiss, then walks out. Hold on. Oh here's another chapter.

---Chapter 8, Title: Monumental Depravity

---C8, Scene 1: Great Moves

There's a construction of a great pillar. A mountain of rock fell in one blow. The scourge of the great desert, Ultima, for she can go by no other name. She erects a pillar to her god so the construction may begin. Finishing touches to the construction required all kinds of vile work. She has her work cut out for her.

Her armies fight other women now. A Valkyrie's lips are locked tightly with an Amazon. Women with a passion for blood-lust and an even greater hunger for the thrill of forcing the other to submit. In Rome, a gladiator was forced to cum one hundred times in a row in the Colleseum. They walk into villages they own just to screw the horses, pigs, goats, sheep. In the forests they fuck bears, wolves give up their families to mate with them. The women donned sacs of oil that would lubricate them in the heat of battle. They were prepared to expose themselves as soon as the urge struck them. There's a tale of an attractive warrior.

"Enough," Ultima says. I'll handle this. She walks in the heat, to the middle of a baron battlefield that's seen many scraps. Her muscles bulge, she removes a longsword with two fingers like a butter knife. Before her, stands a hundred men, within eyesight at least. She swings it, and it's impossible to see the blade's movement. The wind knocks them all down revealing the thousand men behind and she advances. Her army behind her walks in to retrieve the spoils of victory.

They reach a cloistered place in the desert. So well hidden, it's lasted under their noses for this long. What fortune, they have built a place for them here. Soon they will all be there. A man approaches for diplomacy, "My best man against one of your women." The best of course was she. She accepts, an easy win for Ultima's army. Two armies of thousands on the sidelines, the warriors approach. She thinks this one is very pretty for a man.

"What can we expect. All I see are half-naked women. This is the great army we've heard of!? NON! I'll see you in my bed by tonight."

He throws his spear aside. Certain of victory he gets up close to the woman and reaches for her tender shoulder. He easily shoves her and her body rolls. She shoves him back with surprising force, and he stumbles back one leg. He can hear the men laughing at his expense. She tosses her belt aside, to him it looks like a longbow. A coward's weapon. A woman's. He grabs her shoulder now to pull her closer for a taunt but slips away and fumbles, oily, she responds by easily pulling her shoulder and he flew into the air as she had lifted him. She leaps and snaps her leg down onto his back mid-air. His armor takes the brunt. The battle isn't over. He kicks at her feet after they land, one hits her sole, but he sends two more that miss her legs entirely, she steps in and puts a knee on his face. She kicks his leg once and he spins in the dirt. He gets up to begin anew. She cocks her head aside and waits.

He's sure he has her, he grabs her face and pulls her in, then trips her with a backward leg sweep which catches her lower leg. He jumps to shove the force of his body down on her while holding and her leg flies into the air together with his. A loud noise, she punched the ground and a crater formed, stopping the momentum. The sweeping kicks aimed at the face are deflected, he's at a loss, her kick to his foot misses. They follow it up with fisticuffs and he hits her shoulder, leg, and calf. She hits his face, bruises his shoulder through metal armor, and in a failed attempt to arm-sweep him, backhands his foot only to cause him to fall on her. He grabs her bare shoulder and tries to squeeze it, but she has his leg. She begins ripping off his armor with her amazing force. His visor resists and he squeezes her leg once, the tender skin yields but slips away, he shoves her back while she's not facing him. She turns around and disrobes him in quick succession, his shoulder-garment, the armor on his legs come right off, she fumbles his back. They're in a tangle on the ground trying to pull of each others clothes, but she's got almost nothing on. Her foot comes near his face so he pushes it away. She easily grabs his face and does remove the visor passing for a helmet this time. He squeezes her calf one more time and slips down to her foot. She flippantly rolls onto him and pins him, slapping his naked legs and gooses his calf playfully, which manages to cramp him. He's a bit too turned on right now to complain of his obvious loss, but the battle is yet over. Her breath shows her arousal, as does the glistening sex from her loins. The male warrior exclaims, "You're some manner of nymph aren't you. How can you be this strong, and fight me almost naked?" His erection betrays him in the end, he has equally fallen for his foe.

Still on the ground together, she begins seducing him more directly by pulling his face to her cheek to cheek and working her way to kissing him directly on the mouth. He rolls his tongue to hers. Her thumb tugs at the edge of his mouth. She sucks at his face making a wet smack and licks his mouth. His hand goes to her pussy to rub her. His other hand feels her ass and spread her open. She bares her teeth to his chest and licks him like a tiger then bites her fingers dance along. He tries to suck her tits, his teeth latch on her nipples, and his hand squeezes her. She pinches one of his nipples in her fingers and flicks it easily. She turns revealing her cunt to him and he sticks his tongue in greedily and sucks at it. He feels her clit and sucks on that too, rolling his tongue along and grinding his teeth in. She chuckles at his attempts and licks the edge of his penis then goes to his balls and fits them into her mouth wide while her tongue does all the work bringing him close to climax. She closes her lips to begin the suck but his reflex pulls them in a shot of precum meets her unexpecting face. She puts her teeth and her hand to the soft flesh. She feels his dick and fits it in her mouth. She moves off and presents her ass, he bits her glutes and they twerk, he sticks his mouth to her anus and rubs his teeth in. She turns around, "your turn," she forces him to turn and kisses his butt and bites it. Then she bites his anus and barely touches it with her lips.

She decided it's time to play with him. A little bit of pain and pleasure. Briefly, she looks at the army of men on his side. She firmly squeezes his dick from this position they can clearly see. She slides her tongue into his ass. Her handjob just about does him while she gives him a rimjob. He grabs the back of her hair and forces her face deeper. She allows it, her fingers rub along the glans of his crying dick. He can feel the pressure but it doesn't overcome him, he turns and fish hooks her with his thumb and rubs his cock on her face. Her teeth come down and nip him so he pulls away. His hand comes across her face twice leaving a bruise. He grabs her face and squeezes her lips to a pout tilting her head up to face him. She twerks his nutsack causing a shiver and holds them gently, they feel sore, in need of relief. The sense of the stuff trying to come out. He pushes her down and once on top he notices how hard her belly was. Her own armor, this is all? It prevented the crushing weight of him from flattening her. Her tits begged for abuse so he pinched them, they just about filled his hands, not so big, his left hand slips down to the nipple and she gives a yelp. She slaps her tit with his right and reorients himself for missionary. With some force he crushes her pussy with his dick and rubs it around. He grabs the pink sheath and it yields so he pulls it and it snaps back into place painfully. He pinches her clit and spanks it while she bounces around playfully. He flips her over and meshes her ass cheeks around his dick. He spanks her and flicks her anus. She might be just about done.

He was almost getting into it but he's exhausted, and she must be too. In front of his army. Sure of his victory. He raises a fist in the air and the two armies cheered. Both? He turns his head to see the women have disrobed almost entirely. The woman remains sensually displayed like she's not even concerned. Taking an aftersex spill. The man was just toying with her. The bruises he inflicted sear into his mind. This is not a place for the frail. He sears her image into his mind, and after some time pulls his armor back on and walks away leaving her to be treated for the injuries. Merciful in victory.

"You should take her as a trophy! Come on."

---C8, Scene 2: Shiny Warrior

It's too late to return to the castle so the army sleeps in tents after his victory. Balto puts out his fire and readies his cot. They ate their rations and it will be an early start returning tomorrow.

He feels weight on him, removing his bedsheets. A finger along his ass pleasuring him. A firm grip over his shaft and a feel of some lubricant, it's like sex, he doesn't want it to stop. She removes it, his dick well-oiled, she plants kisses on the tip of him and licks at him until it feels like heaven. Her finger caresses his lips. Her lips slip around the head of his cock and he wakes up.

There's a warm sensation like he's using the toilet. Darn it he needs to move. He begins to but there's a weight. He might drain himself right now if not for his morning wood. A surge of pleasure courses from the tip of his cock and he lets his body go with it. There's a hand by his side. Things begin to register. He woke up with a woman's face in his crotch. This was not a dream. The urgency he finish this woman after she announced herself so boldly was compulsory. He could wait a little longer and use her mouth as she's offered, but he's honest to his desire. He pulls her face away and sees that beaten woman. Except, she's got a fire in her eyes, every bruis healed. Impossible. He rolls onto her. Her belly is soft, she disarmed, he imagines his weight would crush her if he's not gentle. Whatever the case, she's no longer protected by her armada. The bout earlier must have driven her mad with lust. He shoves his tongue in her mouth and kisses her, his hand misses her clit, he tries to press his cock on it and grind her, and it slips into her accidentally, but it was a welcome feeling. The unexpected penetration leaves him stunned, and they both wait for the moment to pass. Her insides pull inward from what could be a quiet orgasm, sucking at the head and fully enveloping him. This brings him to the edge, a sensation like he's already cum. He thrusts his hips in to increase the feeling of his skin getting stroked sensually inside her.

He gets up and has her display her taint. The moistness of his cum was apparent in her vagina. He fingers her anus. He licks her ass and shoves his tongue in. He sticks the pommel of his sword in and it slips out. He shifts its target into her cunt instead. His cock is already lubricated, both their work, he gets above her and plunges it in. It goes in and there's the sensation of a sweet pulse stroking the head. He gropes her tits and breathes against her back. He screws her like that, she acknowledges with whimpers every pump until he cums again. He removes the pommel of his sword and grinds her clit until she flexes around him. He pulls out and turns her over then licks at her pussy, then the clit, tickling her close to her next ejaculation. He wipes his penis off, it's all oil anyways.

His dick rubs on her nipples and he is reaching a state of bliss. She too feels it, she's playing with herself. He puts his penis and a wooden bobble between her tits, his won't stay between them, she performs fellatio on the stick to make him jealous. The stick looks like it could cum on her any second. Her oral was a welcome surprise earlier. He wants that again, which she provides gleefully. He shoves his thumb down her mouth and presses on her tongue, enjoying the submissive glance she gives as he guides her back onto his cock. She moves away, "Hey, let's do it like this."

She brought along a strange jelly. She fills her pussy with the jelly and spreads her legs. He puts his penis in her, her legs wrap around his back and they remain like that for five minutes. She allows him to pull out then and it looks petrified. "The stone jelly works." He's confused, "What did you do?" She says, "You're cast in a special stone. You won't feel a thing like this so use it on me until I'm satisfied." He'd just about welcome fisting her right now, but he proceeded to use the stone penis instead while she relaxes to the sensual feel.

In the distance, many more men were being coerced in the same manner. Their victory silently became an orgy, an orgy at night at the hands of the female warriors was a defeat, and then the next day, the men didn't return to the castle.

A few thousand dildos were cast from the soldier's penis. He has the special honor of screwing countless Amazons beyond his time. The man belongs to Dread. His place is in her bed. He dies of natural causes in bed during intercourse. She finds a new toy in due time.

---C8, Scene 3: The Forbidden Under

She's a great artisan, stonemason, craftswoman, woodcarver, musician, and most profoundly she can read. But right now is her favorite job, she's a bitch, or as her people have endeared her she's the Maiden. She's rather short but thin. With wine-cone tits, smooth areolae, large nipples that swell up when her heart rate increases. She has a big bottom. She was dressed for the occasion but they took it all off and got her dirty on the ground. Her elbows and knees are chafing. It resembles a gorilla screwing a calf. His dick thrusting into her, her head's fogging up clouding her senses. Her ass flaps against him sending waves of her untoned bottom up to meet her narrow waist. What men and women would give for those curves, what men and women have taken them can't be counted. She's well known in these parts. Being extremely promiscuous is a well-earned reputation. Unfortunately, that's how she ended up here. She can feel him get more excited, about to let out the stuff men make for her. She lets him know she knows, "Aah." feeling him let it out inside all too soon. He finishes with a curse, "shit". She's momentarily afraid he'll drop her, but he puts his hand around her neck and forces her weight back. She didn't climax, but... she easily lost herself trying to. Unfortunately, he's done. This wouldn't be a good time to mention his shortcoming since the guy with a short-sword could be compensating, and there were two right here.

Two men there decided when she was going in. "Now get down there." Naked? "Please, my clothes." The man with her clothes scowls. "'My clothes'?" Of course, it would be like this, they were still toying with her. "My work... Cloth and mystery. It's part of the allure of a woman." What is that look he's giving her like she's missing the point? "You are her prisoner. But right now, she's not around to save you. You have to earn this." She nods, "Of course, how may I serve? This man has graciously entertained me once, can I be yours as well?" They seemed annoyed. The man shrugs her offer off, "Enough with the clever. Stop, you aren't fooling me. Take this and go down." She takes back her clothes. With these, she can do her job, and not grow cold. She puts on... A man interrupts, "What are you doing? Put your clothes on when you're at the bottom." He takes the pile of clothing. He has thrown it off the ledge now. These people are assholes, I swear. She follows, carefully, climbing down the ladder.

The place has been excavated, more ladders follow. There are others, excavators, slaves, people staring back at her. The usual you see when everyone there's working to live or face a harsh beating. Her clothes are on, she had to doublecheck. "Hello. Is everyone here alright?" They look back, mesmerized by her. She must be quite the beauty to them. She's happy for the attention, she'll reward them, oh her guilty mind already at work. "I'm here to help you all relax." She lets out a dazzling smile, "I'm here to give you all relief. Come to me if you need it right away." Stir their curiosity, hide your intentions, oops. Ok, next, show them something they can't turn down. She tilted her body to the side in a pose displaying the roundness of her hip, she covers her other side with her arm to look thinner. Eventually, they gave into their desires, all to become one with her. The men were nothing like the soldiers. She could give them the greatest feeling of their life. They just had to let her. There were women here too, she talked to them. They have a rapport in moments. The women weren't eager, but she persuaded them that a little girl on girl was necessary. She'd try not to outpace the other woman since it was all about sharing. Her gifts to the world were the empowered men and women who she bedded.

---C8, Scene 4: Menagerie

Down one of the connecting caverns. There's an officer holding a map. He looks young. Smooth skin, angular jaw, clean-shaven. "You're the comfort woman. Aren't you?" She nods. "I'll be watching. From here on remember the first person you have to please. Me. Now get against the wall and spread your legs." Is he going to make it with the sloppy lovemaking already? He pressed his gauntlet into the maiden easily making her feel it. The officer feels her shoulder and her hips then grunts, something interesting about her hips. He puts a finger to press her nethers open. What was he looking for? She dare not ask. "You need to wear this down here." He puts a collar on his new pet. A woman on a leash. There's something pretentious about the whole thing. The stress is making her excited. "Let's go for a walk." He says it like it was perfectly natural.

There's a slave woman lying here in the next room. On top is another woman indentured. They're having relations. How can they do it like this? They're spooning, grinding their legs together. That's not enough to get them off she should intervene. "These two appear happy, move on." He slaps the leg of one slave which must have scared her. The Maiden doesn't speak up but she holds up two fingers on both hands and mimes the recommended act of scissoring.

Soon enough there are more slaves. The soldier says, "They look like they're in need." She got to work again finally. As the woman attempted her duty, she was being interrupted by the one holding her leash. "Why don't you hurry up? A man's dick gets hard and you rub out his piss. A woman like you exists because they have no imagination." After he insults, he spits on the ground but he doesn't look away. The maiden performs a hand massage, allowing the other to touch her, so they can become comfortable with her body before she gets intimate. "I pray to Ze-he-kruk, you are wasting time." He grabs the slave's leash and forces her face down. Then he puts his boot on her head. "You, stick you' thing in there." Slaves, but they weren't stupid. They did everything he told them. But they couldn't get it up while the renowned woman was in submission. Sick of the wait, the soldier determined, "They're neutered and dumb, let's go." He pilfers an ornamental sword and adds it to his belt. He takes his pet with him down the dungeon ally to the cell block. The few prisoners who aren't working must be seen to.

They enter a tunnel to the sound of banging bars and madness. "This is a security checkpoint. The prisoners here require your service." Raving loudly, one girl's a mess. Frizzy hair, damaged skin. The urge to tend to her welled up in the Maid's chest. Across the block are two men, one bangs the cell bars. They're incredibly strong. The body odor from them. They look cruel and angry. They also have erections.

The damaged woman's cell opens. The honored woman enters and hugs her to comfort her. Up close, white skin. Compared to the one who's so fine with dirty skin. It's as though she hasn't been out, and managed to keep the grime off. "How long are the prisoners kept here?" The response from the soldier was merely a scoff. He instead wanders to the last cell and knocks on the bars. The woman inside presses her back to the bars. The officer says, "You'll be just like her one day." He says it, and he fingers the woman there. Certainly, he was fouling her for his own pleasure. He stops, only teasing her.

The two little misses fondle each other. The one in a disheveled mess is uncooperative, looking to provide rather than receive the offered comfort. On the other hand, the playful attitude is starting to get to the Artisan's head. She's getting so hot. Her need for the other woman grows so fast it's out of her hands, she can't help her wet pussy and her heart quickens. She's losing focus, they go so close their wet mouths touch. "Stop I can't." But this was her work. "Yes." The little vixen demands. Yes. She's so good she's kissing her neck now, her tongue feels so big. Sliding down her top. Sucking her tits, a finger reaches into her and she climaxes from it grazing her there. The woman in scraps of cloth mounts her and shoves a long tongue in. The struggle continues inside. The pleasure doesn't stop. She dances the tongue around, her partner so close again. Let the woman pleasure her. Her body demands it's her in need of release so just let her take control. "Alright! That's enough." The soldier says and opens the gate. No stopping this, the finger slides around inside. She can almost feel it again. A rough hand grabs her and drags her out of the grasp and out of the cell. She's like a dog in heat. Up next are, men. Her body shakes as the adrenaline rises.

She's allowed a moment at the edge of the cage sweating in anticipation. Their dicks aren't shy, she wants it so bad. "Let me." She feels one with her hand and soon kneels offering her tongue. The helmet of it makes contact and her attempt to couple her lips causes it to glance off. Her overflowing honeypot demands more. She stands and presses her hips to the bars and the man's dick barely enters. "You like men so much. Get a load off." The gates opened and they immediately grabbed the horny woman, bringing her in. The gate closes. They sandwich her and hug her waist while standing. The one in the back grabs her upper arms and they double penetrate her. Anal, she wasn't even thinking of it. She's got one in her better parts and it's causing the fuzziness again. They do that for a while, their joints locked in place, she is unable to do more than just accept it. They enter a horizontal position with her sitting. They move. Her tits bounce and her breathing matches the movement. It's like she can't think, but the feeling of them in her is reassuring. She forgets if they came in her. Her pussy is so happy, her sore muscles can take the punishment of their rough grip. "Enough." The officer opens the gate. The one in her ass pulls out and takes an aggressive stance. The next movement is quick and the guy's down on his face. He helps the pet leave the embrace of the other, their genitals momentarily stick but then pop when pulled apart.

Final cell, a woman more opulent looking. He already riled her up, now the comfort maiden is here. She allows for hugging and all the stuff that was supposed to happen. The Maid was almost back in her element when she heard the other gates open. The officer didn't lock them. The men come straight for the cell, the other woman is held aside by the officer and fingered. The pet's collar is tugged at, "No don't pull that." She's feeling very warm. "Yes, ye-s. Ah. Oh!" Her attitude changes. The foreplay she's used to isn't like this. The soldier steps in and takes their leashes. All the girls are leashed to a bench, dogs in heat they're open. The men take turns enjoying each one and move over in a line. Six holes for every pole. Three poles if you count the officer. He doesn't join. He only forced it to happen. They get used for a few feverish minutes. First, the bound up girl squeals like a kit, and the Maiden's level of pleasure puts her in trance, they're spanked which gets the Maiden moving, their bottoms turn red. They jill up real good. The squeals from her neighbor just turn her on more. The bound-up girl is very noisy. The noisy girl's spanking lasts even longer, turning everyone on, she looks like she came from it, she's passed out. She'll be fucked in that exhausted state in a moment. The Musician melodically hummed and occasionally opened her mouth to sing her emotions. The men move behind them, her red ass is spanked by the other. The smell of sex in the air. The ornate woman gets her man to clap her ass cheeks, and he sticks it into her ass, he appears to cum and with some shock. The maiden takes the guy's thumb in her ass. He pushes it knuckle-deep while his penis is in her cunt. She happily responds by flexing her anus. They switch. The bound-up girl's awake and she's anally abused while being spanked again. Still chained to a bench she turns her head. The one on her right is being choked lightly by her leash while her bull enters her and pulls out repeatedly, he came again before she reaches her own orgasm.

Someone's over there. There are two more who are joining. They put their dicks in the left and right mouth holes provided while they're still being fucked angrily by the two men. They choke and look up at the newcomers. There's a loud gulp noise then a great deal of cum pours out of their mouths while their cheeks bulge. The maiden is flipped onto her back and she's screwed, a man and a woman come from above, and the two women on her sides begin kissing her. A phallic object enters into her mouth, but it's also a tongue. Surprised, she tries to find a place to look, a jet of warm fluid fills her mouth. The other one, the woman, repeats the same act as the male partner. She has a dick. She thought she knew everything about the human condition, now she's taking loads too big for her, and it's spilling out. The muscular guy feels her tits. The two behind her shoot another stream onto her chest. Her pussy finishes before he can realize it's about to and squeezes his dick for more. "Enough. You're lucky to be here today." The officer sticks them all into random cells and they move on. The muscular guy and the one with a cock-tongue with the noisy girl. The girl with a dick, the other muscle guy, and the one with big knockers are put in the other cell. They fuck-it-out in the cells, but there's no clear winner. The stonemason looks at the walls of the labyrinth that's been constructed. It's pretty shabby work.

She satisfies her kin in the next room. Her mind is uplifted to a higher plane and in it was a showcase of stone artwork. The depictions are certainly deities of another time. Something the current regime would throw out or demolish on sight. At the end is a tome made with some intricate bone and pages made of human flesh. That person takes it.  The soldier is there. "A slave can't own property. Heh, amazing! Amazing!"

---C8, Scene 5: Kennel

"You there." A female bystander examining ancient pottery is alert by the sudden call. "Use this woman. You could use a nice pussy-licking." They go down on each other. The Maid has her succulent clit purchased in her mouth. The soldier casts heal. He's going to help, is he? He stood there experimenting with ineffective spells until he grew bored. Although the magic caused the Maid's mind to swirl occasionally, and she was rejuvenated, she finished off her partner and stopped when told. They continue.

Dogs with red fur approach them in the tunnel, they're docile, "Alpha pack. These are good dogs." The soldier pets them. "Do you think their coat is quite nice?" Maiden makes to touch one and it is very friendly. "They smell the bitch blood in you. They have taken a liking to it." He's not making it easy to like him, but the truth is what it is. The dogs follow wagging their tails walking close to the maiden. She's happy there are such friendly animals here. So far, her job here has been a nonstop screw. It's nice to see a change. They enter a room that's been refitted with cages.

"Hello Kennel-master." The soldier announced them. What was there is a great creature. An amazing figure of a woman with red-satin wings, and a booty rivaling hers, you could really get behind her if you were a man, coming from the maiden's opinionated mind. She'd be interested in a duet with the astounding woman before her. Burnished, deep, black with shining red high tones from her oily skin down to her feet. She was wearing a pleated skirt with nothing but her generous curves cushioning her. The Kennel-master is holding someone, she glides down on him, connected at the waist, her unparalleled folds are sucking him in gently. He looks to be frozen solid mid-climax. She's chanting for several seconds. A dog from the immaterial, just like the others it's indistinguishable from without a closer look. He breathes in deep and lets out a long orgasm. His dick slides out of her. She sets him down for his rest. "Aaaah." She stretches. "So, is this her?" A nod from the soldier holding a slave at less than arm's length. From the front, the woman's wearing Egyptian silk, and as she smiled she indicated her puppy. "Then it's time my babies gave their all."

A command is issued by her keeper, "Get on your knees." The maiden shakes her head. Fuck a dog. She hasn't done this. She wants to shake her head but the leash is pulled close to his face, his breath is on hers. She can't say no, the oppressive gaze. Also, she's very horny. She gets down and covers her face. Her skirt is flipped up and the dogs sniff her. Was she really a bitch to them? These aren't normal dogs. One mounts her. His dick can separate her tight insides easily, its knot easily fits until it bulges and she flexes her entrance around it in some repetitive spontaneous twitch. With a sudden expectation, she's imagining the dog's cum filling her. Its cock is so big, oh god it's going to pull out. It tugs, the knot is caught, and then begins to repeatedly push in and out. There's no other way to put this the dog is making love to her, and she's enjoying it. The statuesque Kennel-master and the officer sit and observes the Maiden. "Here darlings." Another few dogs come over, to the front. Their tails wag while the masters pet them. "It's my turn now." The officer pets the back of the maiden and the top of her head while her client finishes.

Another dog enters her, he turns and wags his tail with their butts close together. The officer appears turned on. The Kennel-master returns to the man and chants her next spell. The officer removes his undergarment and brings his pet and the connected hound to a stone seat. "You have to please me first. Remember?" She nods. The officer sits and lies back and lifts his legs revealing... a clit. No penis. She's a woman? That's all she could think before her collar is yanked and the dog locks his paws, her face is shoved into the cunt. The officer's legs are in the air, being serviced, that must be nice, "That's it, don't stop." The dog finishes. Luckily another one can replace him. "Use your tongue dear." The Kennel-master whistles and the dog speeds up repeatedly pushing her face in. "This is it." The dog cums a hot load into her. She absolutely loves these cum loads. The officer's girlcum spreads out onto the Maid's face and tits. "Thanks. I think we can get going now." The eagle riding her mate waves goodbye.

---C8, Scene 6: Scavengers

During their next trek, a fox begins following at a distance. The female officer is unconcerned but that's because he's not really staring at her.

A blue giant has entered the tunnel. The officer fights it in earnest. His immaterial body phases through. The fox approaches and touches the pet that was left alone. She holds the innocent-looking creature. The woman appears to be losing, she casts a spell to enhance herself. The creature is extending its energy outwards into tendrils which will no doubt end the fight. Enchanted with Yakre, she's able to force it away. The fox runs over to her now, she's caught off-guard. She slips and her slit is in view again, her skirt hiked up. The pet sees this happening and has to decide. Should she help? She hurries over and gets stopped by him, she's powerless after all. Through the hazy blue energy surrounding them, she sees the fox try to fuck the officer. She attempts to deny its entry before she's brought on her elbows and knees by encircling tendrils. The fox proceeds with her like that. A cock exits the cavern of the giant and the woman's penetrated from both ends until her belly and womb are both full. A torrent of energy and cum pours out her ass when the fox pulls out and he runs, disappearing to some other place. This absurd show plays out and the creature removes his cock. He grabs the officer's legs and turns her upside down. He casts a simple spell binding the officer's arms and legs. His mouth works at her from above, from behind.

The officer chants. Her pet is empowered. The maid breaks out of the restraints blowing away the tendrils. So, this is the true power of the spells. The power of the true god seethes through her. She pushes the giant away grabbing the master and it immediately retreats to the other plane. Good, the officer thinks. Then she sees the look in her pet's eye. She's forced on her elbows and knees again, the tome is taken from her. The leash is placed around her neck. The true owner of the tome has arrived, its knowledge pouring into her. She can feel his energy, this power. She forces the officer to perform cunnilingus. She casts a spell that wreaths fingers around her body. This pose. She summons another fox who fucks her captor and she reclines, pulling at the leash until she's satisfied. A torrent of her girlcum covers the officer's face. The fox wants to steal her, and drag her into a realm to be pleasured, her pet out of sight, out of mind, but instead, he's dismissed.

---C8, Scene 7: Fuck Machines

The new master of the labyrinth has encountered a perplexing contraption. A woman is getting creampied while two pressurized dildos fuck her in the corner. She's bouncing around her body, unable to stand it. Her teeth gritted. On the floor are exhausted women who've had such an accident. "What the hell? You have this thing why am I here?" Her pet shakes her head looking fearfully. The woman on the contraption climaxes loudly and gets off with her eyes rolled up, jizz flows out of her, and she slows her descent pushing her body against a pillar before collapsing to the floor twitching. The machine's free. The Artist drags her pet towards the machine, she fights along the way, successfully at first only to be caught by her leash. With a little enchantment, she picks the ex-soldier right up and puts her on. The machine begins automatically. Up her ass, up her pussy, the woman grabs handle bars near her chest to stabilize herself. The mechanism performs the ancient task. Being violated by a machine, she doesn't look too excited, in fact, she's keeping pace with it.

The Musician sings a summon rather than chanting, a star-pointed Illmuire to produce a mate. Out from nothing, a man with long hair and broad shoulders appeared. The Maid discovers she's in a man's body actually. The helpless woman caught in the machine becomes aroused seeing him. He pets her face, this is where his cock will go. Facefucking the woman from this position she's turned on enough to climax. The machine pumps fluids into her, it's not obvious what it is, but it definitely imitates human cum. While enjoying her mouth he returns to his original body.

The Maiden sees the man she was a moment ago. He's still playing with the woman who's fainting. "Dismissed." She says, he shakes his head. His dick is still hard. The machine is turned off and the woman is being ejected. "Do what I tell you." He smiles, no, actually quite nice. She's starting to feel something for him. "Ok. Come with us." They continue. Her pet's being held by the man now, her wrists are bound. He fingers her to prepare her for his own pleasure which is slowing things down. "Come on, we don't have all day." In the following room are three women.

"This is a slave and a man who has been summoned. They're traitors. Stop them." The pet is speaking out of turn. She seems to have alerted the ones who were in there. They get up and try to capture the new entries while the officer fights her leash. "Nonsense." Says the Maiden and she summons a force-field. She then summons purple tentacles. They follow her will and permeate the surroundings. Now they're powerless, she holds them at bay. She glances at her summons and he is fingering the officer to climax. He plants a kiss on her lips. He fucks her against the wall. He's playfully biting her neck while she's cumming. His cum spills out and her mouth opens from the pleasure as he continues.

Oh, never mind them. Her attention returns to the three women. They've already begun to uncontrollably orgasm while being held. Just the essence of these tentacles is so potent. She lets them go and flicks the tip of the tentacles at them, spreading its stuff over their bodies. She can't feel the orgasm, but the deep satisfaction of defiling them is overwhelming. She disrobes them and summons blue shackles. Five pets. Hmm, she shackles the man who's so disobedient to continue screwing when she dismissed him.

Another place, another where. What is that? A scorpion and another? "Please save us. We're not slaves." She needs to gag these pets. "I'm horny." Alright, "Alright, you can deal with that thing." In front of them is a dick-scorpion. The Maid pulls the horny girl forward and the scorpion latches to her face, she only has a moment to understand her strength is nothing before he uses her. The long tail slips in, down her throat, and pistons in and out making her body quake. A larger red-winged woman unfurls revealing an ornate bejeweled body. And amazing diamond-hard tits. She has coppery skin, almost red. Red eyeliner, her hair's a natural red wave. Her nips have puffed out. She's so beautiful it's terrifying.

Without hesitation, she throws the man at her. "Take him and let me pass." She certainly takes him. He's shocked at the sight of her. She also shakes her head like it isn't enough and points. She wants all of them right now. The maiden ties their leashes on a torch. The scorpion blows down the throat of that one woman, it made a chittering noise, and was overtaken by a high-pitched squirt, followed by loud gurgling, his mate teleports away with him. The winged one screws the man immediately and summons a fox as he cries out in pleasure. The fox fucks one bound woman. The woman looks at the Maid and smiles. "Would you like to join? They simply are taken with  you." The breeder offers. Summon tentacles, summon defense, summon the power of the cum ancient. She could. Her power surpasses even this. She relaxes. The foxes are simply enjoying life. "No thanks." Another fox is summoned and he takes the soldier, a little too quickly. Bound up like that, tied down, she just had a moment to try escaping before it was all the way in. There was another. Another fox, another woman at his mercy. "I can make another for you." The fox breeder offers. But the woman shakes her head, "I'm prepared to give my all to men. It's not that I dislike your kind offer. I'll take back my pets and be on my way if that's alright." In response, a sigh. Her children seem to understand and release the menagerie. "Alright. Not even we can understand what you're up against. We are slaves here. One and all." She cradles the exhausted man and sits. Her foxes come over.

A moment later, the woman who teleported away returns from the dimension. Her body came to rest on the stony floor. A residue of glowing cum was spread all over her body. She coughs up some.

The crafty woman considers. "Lady with foxes. Would you like to come? I'm sure there are plenty of men who'd enjoy your special gift. Although you must keep your babies under control." Why she'd be delighted.

---C8, Scene 8: Ninja Gaiden

They walk along. Two groups of pets and their keepers. The foxes are getting frisky with the women. There's a man totally enamored by his captor. They discover an alcove with pedestals and well lit from the outside. In it, there's a man and a woman. She's giving him head trying to do the most intense deepthroat. She's amazing. The comfort maiden doesn't even go that hard. Seeing the new arrivals the woman stops. "Who's there?" She asks.

"Hold up." The man says. "This one's my type." He approaches and fondles the Maiden. "Let's fuck." Is this ok? Her eyes try to get a feel for the room watching the woman who was playing with him a moment ago. Like it's a handshake, his dick goes in and he helps her get comfortable. She checks his heartbeat in her. She feels his warm body. He is a living and breathing man with very dark skin. He's entirely human, it's amazing being with a real human again. He looks a little surprised after a moment. "She is pure of heart. Shit. I've been here screwing those pink hoes. She's the real deal. The only way to know a woman is to get down. Damn!" The ninja, seeing her boyfriend sleep with another woman right in front of her, was not bothered at all. She approaches and kneels above, her face goes in, she gives her lips to the Maid. The taste of cum. The twitch of her sensitive skin. This woman enjoys oral satisfaction immensely. She has a guilty look that confirms the Maid's intuition. Also, something she's repressing. The other one says, "She's not trying to screw me like the cult always does." They stare daggers at the pets. They turn back to the Maid. "Our trial is over. Take this. Keep it safe." The essence of Yakre.

The Artisan captures the essence in some cloth. Do it for me, the essence whispers to her. Her mind explores possibilities. Arcane knowledge of carnality. She knows the lechery in the heart of man. The generations of broken promises, the secrets, the lust, the hatred. The sadness and joy of ignorance, craving, and aggression. The hypocrisy of those that have betrayed nature. Those who are imprisoned in thought. Every hole is a goal. Every pole is a goal's goal. "Come along." She refers to the couple. "Sure. We'll be better off out of this place." What will come? The indecency of her not warning them. She's wet after luring them in.

---C8, Scene 9: Show Time

The group of smokin' hot ladies continues with some confidence. Indeed, the three men there were surprised. "Is this a revolt?" The leashed women have a sinking feeling. The woman with wings comes forward and drops one man's pants. He's well endowed. She takes him in, just like that. I guess we're going to comfort these men. "Soldier, you're going to deal with this one." She hands over one pet, then consorts the last. His penis is big, and rough when she touches it. "I know a secret." She steps back and ushers another one of her girls to him. The hawk's man is finished soon. The other two girls are being bullied. No matter how much they're punished, they put up with it. The other two slaves finish and pull up their pants. "Gentlemen, we'll be on our way."

With her back turned they try to grab her. She just finished her incantation. They're hoisted up and drawn away from her. "I would have left you but now there's no other choice." She has the fox breeder finish another. It would be trivial with the energy running through to take them herself, but there's a certain satisfaction seeing her do her work. "Hey, sucky-girl. There's one for you." The ninja feels him. "Can I get a boon?" She's given that corrupt enchantment and her pussy melts. She almost climaxes before she mounts him. Just two guys incredibly hard getting waxed. The girls get off. The cum dripping out. The men aren't able to go any longer.

They pass through a room with a magic puzzle. It's too obvious. The Maiden snatches it up and they move on.

They encounter a wolf. The narrow corridor doesn't allow many to pass so the Maiden wished to go first. The cornered wolf, a large number of women, some foxes. He waits for a swift demise. Instead, her hand gently pets and scratches. He wants to mate with her, her energy is making him even more aroused. He lies down and shows his submissive belly and hard prick. "Suck his dick bitch!" She looks back. It was not obvious who spoke, but it must be a pet. "I'll do it." The ardent one, the fox breeder. She takes the male's cock in her hand feeling how it might work. The foxes are excited and try to get some action from their designated women. Unbeknownst to the group another watches. The sexy fuck sucks his dick, showing the rest of the women how it's done. She puts it in her mouth and lets it out. She tries to let the penis touch every part of her face when she lets it go. It's pretty big for a wolf, so when she deepthroats it she accidentally gags. She works her way down slowly with her tongue licking it until the wolf cums with her lips around his knot. She swallows and lets him enjoy it, the rest of the party is staring at her body. The man is watching her eyes. She only needed a moment to laugh it off, she needed to take the edge off so she got on top of the stud and made out with his muzzled face before extracting his seed, making sure her ass was in view of the audience. He let out an audible breath, like any other man, he can't resist the kiss. Her entrance lets in his knot after and squeezes it like a warm hug before pulling up and she raises up. With a thunk, his back falls to the floor on release. With that extra flare of showmanship, a sneak attack! Not hers though.

An octopus falls down on her hair, she only feels it a moment before it wraps around her face and grabs her jaw, fucking her mouth. It's big enough to cover her head and grab her breasts at the same time. She loses the image of power she had a moment ago. Suddenly a plaything. She reinserts the wolf, to his delight. She's reaching to stop the molestation of her breasts but doesn't seem to be trying. Someone should help, the ninja and maid come to the rescue. Their uncommon friend is getting deepthroated against her will. Her breasts are being sucked on and every suction cup is overpowering her will. There's a lot of cum streaming down her chin between her tits, her throat working with audible gulps, her head's being forced back. With her chest stuck out. Her tits are forced together and her shoulders jump. The wolf cums in her. They can't stop the octopus from flooding her. All three teleport away. Not even a moment later a woman appears. Her skin is pale. She's naked. She's like an animal, she bares her teeth and shrieks to frighten them. Her red wings are tattered. Her red hair is a complete mess, matted in some places, curly in others. Her breasts are swollen red, they look like they've been squeezed to some extremes, just to mess her up. She's been pregnant. Milk drips from the areolae, they're big, like zeppelins. Her makeup has been wiped away. Her jewelry is missing. It was evident this was the fox breeder from moments ago. In a moment, large quantities of glowing blue cum and trails of red energy pour out every sexual orifice while her legs shake. She opens her mouth and out comes the rest. She drops to her knees and her inflated womb shrinks back down while her breasts hang to the floor. The red aura about her regenerates her wounded and distorted body.

The ninja is standing on her toes from excitement. Her boyfriend's dick is hard and long after seeing that. The maiden can tell if the woman before them wasn't part of the group, they'd fuck her. After years of being trained by the temple guardians, their notion of acceptable courting was slightly warped. "Help her, then we can get going." The Maid is sure she'll be ok with a little magic.

---C8, Scene 10: Barrier

They encounter a group of women. Two have dicks, they're fucking another who's gasping and moaning. They're cumming repeatedly switching between her ass and vadge, so one's always resting waiting for the other to finish. A third, much bigger, clad in armor is watching. She sees the group and stops them, just only needs a moment. She casts a spell and her body seethes in red energy.

The pets are handed off for safekeeping. The summon can take care of them. A group of foxes and other companions grapple with the Amazon while the Maid watches. She's tough at first but with a little magic cast on their bodies the energies mix. Blue tentacles grab the Amazon around her tough abs, her breasts are bundled up above them, and she's turned on her back. A horny ninja eats her out. The corrupt fox wife aims for the Amazon's face, it can't cum like a penis but she moves like she fucks when she does it on her anyways. Her own girlcum spreads around from the forced oral. The force momentarily smothers the big woman but a strike of her tongue is effective, her pussy contracts around it while she fails to cast her to summon. The remaining male of the group sees this and can't move. "You want some honey?" The ninja pulls one muscular ass cheek to the side from where she's working, raising an eyebrow to her mate. He accepts the asshole of a woman approximately his size, his girlfriend helps him in. The giantess climaxes and nearly passes out. The man up her ass is done by the time she stops. The Maid enters the fray after enchanting her body and joins the gangbang with a girl-on-girl scissor. The foxes have some fun with her until their master unlatches her head, a glob of corrupt lubricant trailing off of her pussy. The Amazon's eyes are closed. She grabs the Amazon's hair and kisses her deeply like that. It wasn't a loving kiss, and more sexually frustrated. The tentacles will release her in a minute. They leave, the group of three women having sex continues. The two futanari are getting worn out.

This is unusual. There's a long corridor with a bunch of men and women climaxing repeatedly. Slaves. "You first." Two pets are sent in, as expected, they cum until they're incapacitated. The same thing with the foxes, who vanish. "It looks like this is where we part." Referring to the summoned man. He puts his hand on the foxy-boober who's been forcing herself on him repeatedly up to this point and vanishes. The maiden casts protection on the ninja. She scampers across. "It's fine. We can make it this way. I only came once." They all reach the other side but one guy has to pull down his pants near the end, and the winged goddess took advantage of him then. They made it to the other side but he was already hard again. Three horny women got him excited. They teased him and had him fuck the remaining pet that they dragged along, the one nearly in full uniform still. She has some time to fully appreciate a man's touch while everyone kept her from escaping.

---C8, Scene 11: Guardians Go All the Way

There's a bridge. Ninja time, "I've got it." Oh good, the Maiden was going to suggest it. This will be entertaining. There are a couple of female slaves on the sides dusting off the bas-relief sculptures of giant worms. She speaks with one as the ninja takes a walk. "Do you need some assistance?" Interrupting ninja, "AH!" Something stretched up next to her, a giant worm. Go figure. The ninja sneaks past, maybe if she's quiet. The Maid's perverse imagination requires more contributors to the following scene, "Fox lady, can you help?" An affirmative. She comes close to the bridge, the pet's leash in hand. The girls in the room get wet. "Ah. You look like you need relief. I'll help with that." She comforts her new friend from a safe vantage point.

The worms come out when she pulls the lever. One immediately wraps around. She's ill-prepared. Another. The worms get her on her back and insert into her missionary as she's suspended mid-air. The winged woman looks a little worried but another worm reaches around. Her pet is dragged along with her. They have sex with the women, as expected. They fill them. And, as a result, the women are slaves to the lust of the guardians. Now things get interesting. The girls lost in their bliss kiss, the breeder's hands on the ninja's face, the pet holds her mouth open for attention. A worm slides between their lips and they suck at it like a cock. The end of it slides along the pet's tongue and plunges down her throat. The winged breeder gives the ninja a rim-job and turns so her own ass nearly touches. The ninja fellates a huge dick until it dives in. The breeder makes out with another worm, it cums before it can even begin drilling into her, she licks it and lets it go down. Cums is all over her face, a lovely sight. They start rocking back and forth until their butts connect. The ninja's head drops and the first worm makes an appearance out of her anus while she shudders. Cum exits the other woman's ass like a faucet. The Worm dives in, there is a thick connection between them. They fuck each other moving like that. They stop, the breeder's belly inflates, her worm's bulging in her. It pushes the other out and they twist around each other falling back to the other woman's internals. Her belly inflates. The pet's asshole stretches out as her guardian exits. She can't seem to stop writhing from the sensation of it. The full length might be ten meters before it slips out.

They are above a breeding ground for these guardians. Thirsty ones, seeking a host. More come surrounding the three who've been caught weaving silk to nest with the women on top of the bridge.

Two women, strangers to each other, grind their clits together while the rest of the party are being violated. The only man there is chatting with a slave who's downright ready to suck his dick from hello. She does it eventually.

After enjoying that, the Maid crosses the bridge and the worms part. There are the three, tangled up with their arms and legs stuck in a mass of writhing flesh and webbing. She pets the cheek of the girl her size. Their stretched-out bellies are getting bigger. They're completely enthralled allowing it to happen. The creatures have had their time, she simply wants her pets back. She casts a barrier and the worms finish cumming with some high-velocity projectiles in retaliation and run away. Which also meant quickly squirming out of the women they were inside. It got messy and the two ass-to-ass finally separate as their worms exit back the way they came in. The majority of the filling came out over time.

---C8, Scene 12: Unlimited Comfort

Ultigirl meets with the Artisan. "What news do you bring me?" She shakes her head. "Men, women, animals, slave and soldier alike copulated with me. There were some things I dare not speak of."

"Yes. Good work." She looks the Maid up and down. "There's something about you. Have your eyes changed color since we last spoke?" The party of four was there, and one pet. Ultigirl looks them all over. "I'll take you all on."

The scourge easily overpowers the leader. Whispers of pain and pleasure, somehow not distinguishing between either. So she screams at the touch of red energy, her mind fraying while her cup runneth over. She's pushed aside like a helpless toy. The fox tamer attempts to escape and the pursuer is there immediately in front of her, bust-to-bust, and grabs the winged woman's wrists, pulling them down. Her penis is ready, a trick, the greedy devil pounces and tries to summon a fox but she's wracked with the sensation from their breasts touching. "Don't forget your true master." For it is Dread. She goes limp allowing Dread to screw her standing face to face. "Women like you need to be taught manners." Even while the remaining two attempt to pull her off, she places the large woman on her back and forces her legs up behind her head, then penetrates her ass. After being satisfied, it was the other two. She tosses them over her shoulder in front of her, both at once. They're a little bruised. She fucks the ninja with her dick. Then she fucks the boyfriend with her pussy and forces him to move for her, with a little red jolt of energy.

She approaches the comfort woman once more and pulls her to her chest. She falls down her arms held up by the Pink sadist. "No, please. I can't. Please don't." Dread looks down at her. "You have nothing to fear. I haven't even put it in yet." She materializes her dick and watches her toy try to escape fruitlessly. She uses her mouth, the girl's wide tearful eyes and she deepthroats her new master was quite cute. After cumming in her throat several times she wraps her arms around the little woman and fucks the daylights out of her. The remaining Amazon pet is incredibly aroused. She's seeing Dread in her glory, forcing men and women to cum. Was she last, or simply too unimportant. "No! Not inside!" The Maiden's pussy fills with cum. Then she takes it up the ass while red tentacles hold her, doubling her volume, and pleads for mercy until she runs completely out of energy. "You're cute," Dread says, pulling out her cock and putting it back in the girl's pussy. She holds a hand over the noisy bitch's mouth and thrusts hard enough it had to hurt a few times.

The soldiers are brought in, and with very hard dicks they carry the defeated women away to their permanent residence as part of the pillar foundation. They stop part way to collar and fuck them. They were going to be cast in the pillar walls anyways, so they did as hard as they wanted. Either the whole front or back of a woman was displayed to make them easily accessible to visitors. Their genitals and faces exposed, anything that might come their way could fornicate with them during the off-hours. Thousands of others forming the pillar were slowly added on top of them. As a matter of fact, the men who brought them enjoyed the view so much they did them again before announcing the new installments. They couldn't age and they became pregnant. Surprise butt sex was kind of the thing back then. They brought in horses who step all over the women on the floor. Yakre's thrall, the Maiden, remained an emotional mess. The fox breeder was positioned to mate with her endlessly. She did, too, it was fun. They argued all day and she'd fuck her at night, it's not like a dick but it was satisfying. Her cock-milking tricks worked on a clit almost just as well. Someone penetrating her can grab her tits to disarm her but with their bodies jammed into adobe and plaster, her casual partner simply had to give up everything to her. The ninja only saw her boyfriend a couple of times before the Amazons, going overboard, completely drained him. After that, he refused to see her. She heard about it from a guy who came for her deluxe service pack. He spilled it while he was getting his shaft polished by the gargling upside-down prostitute above her. He gave his condolence and left, and visited her other side to get nasty rebound pussy.

That guy was being an asshole. Her boyfriend came back after a few months to find that his girl and the breeder were no longer pregnant. The Maiden was showing though.