Continuing from pink alignment
[Cherry] Demon, Very Rough, Open Marriage

"Help me, please help me! No, don't, in there, that's my, blarragah!"

I woke from a blissful coma to the sound of a bucket of water spilling. I get up out of the chair and exit my study only to see a nurse scrubbing the floor. "Are you real?" She begins wiping the grime off the floor in front of her. My attention goes to a key where her hand barely reaches. Her butt's not covered and I see cum is running out of her. I'll take that as a 'no.' It looks like if I tried to touch her she'd vanish, so I just enjoy the view while I'm still horny. I'll clean up the mess I make later.

I figure out where the key goes. In the basement is a safe. Can't open it. Flip a switch. Find the next chapter. Hand on shaft. Here we go!

---Chapter 10, Title: Based Couple

---C10, Scene 1: Dank Service

Dread speaks with a nymph from the underworld city. "Listen. We're different. But we both want the same thing. To fuck the master of the house. Only you have to do it." The nymph floats over to her and behaves seductively toying with her hair and reaching to her face. "No. Yes, thanks." The nymph is kissing her. "That feels very nice, thank you. Don't do it to me. Do it to the man upstairs. He's this big." She holds out her hands like she's hugging a tree. The nymph laughs and holds her hands out mimicking Dread's. She opens her mouth understanding. "You like that right?" Nods. "He gets it. You get laid. Everyone's happy. It's about time you showed your worth. Do it while his old lady is out, she's the one you absolutely can't run into. Definitely don't have a three-way or she'll wreck you. Now I have to go somewhere and have something touch me in places I can't. You better be done by solstice when I return." Dread hops in a portal. "Ze'he'kruk has thousands of hoes like you wherever he is. This is for him. Do it for him." She disappears to reappear at the communication array.

Dread is ready to deliver her news but she's met by the master with a stern eye, "I've been hearing stories you fuck the girls in the city. Is this true?"

"Uh. Nu... no."

"I've been hearing you played Adam and Eve with my children for some time. There are demihumans. Amazonian warriors are taking mates. This was supposed to be a secret. What is missing?"

"Sorry."

"What's that? I can't hear you."

"Sorry! We're doing it, lord! We just need to fuck the family in this mansion. One final blowout orgy. And then we won't have any trouble. They'll welcome you with open arms."

"I see. See to it that this one meets a fate so disgusting, so raunchy. So blatantly uncommon. It would make a lascivious whore blush. And remember, screw anyone else who sets foot in our path."

"Yes!" Dread stops the communique. Hopefully, her hired gun does the job. She needs to hurry back to her man and get her shit cleaned out. She'd fuck a horse but she knows that would be cruel.

---C10, Scene 2: The Trials and Benefits of Lovemaking

There's the aunt with her husband, the father (no relation), she's quite youthful. The two of them are surrounded by beautiful bunnygirls. The man does his research in books. The lady of the house is more direct. She will get results even if they're difficult to understand.

"Honey, I'm going for a stroll." She gets up and unruffles her dress. Outside the library, there's a maid. They have a moment of eager exchange. The lady tears a hole in the stockings covering her. Her oiled-up fin-like labia is exposed and she looks very excited. "Do it like you always. Try keeping him distracted until I get back. We can't have him growing bored of this place." The girl in a torn suit enters the library and immediately plays dumb dropping her duster. The woman asserts this to herself, she's going to screw my husband and I'll do business. To groom the maids we recently brought in we can't have interruptions. She runs a hand along her buttcheek, her rear is somewhat sensitive after her daily workout.

Outside the library, there's a woman cleaning the stairs. The lady checks her decorations. She's passing with makeup and some lovely attire that doesn't completely hide her rack. Her tail is visible and so is the large of her calf. "Are you natural?" She feels the maid's body to make sure that she's toned and honest in her duty. She grabs her from behind and puts a hand below her chin carefully feeling her neck. Her face is close to the other woman's ear. "If you could take my place as the woman of the house right now, would you?" The maid is rasping despite the loose grip on her. She presses her knee below the tail. "When is the last time you came?" She lifts her leg enough to jam under the folds of her butt. No response but glee wetting her and a hand reaching back for her. She removes her knee. She pulls at one side of the top hiding the girl's erect nipples and wasn't disappointed. She runs a finger across one to get a sensation of supple yet yielding flesh, at the lightest touch. The girl is molested enough to raise her expectation, the woman presses her finger in still and feels her own pleasure before removing herself from the woman's privates.

She meets a butler in the dining room. "Excuse me, can you get me a pickle?" Confused and a little stimulated he nods. She does a reach around, then she unzips his pants and licks her upper lip as he quickly stiffens. Fully understanding it was his pickle she meant. As the only male servant, this was expected. She forces him to cum in her mouth several times and then has him screw her on the dining table until she felt a burden suddenly vanish. "Oh, that was wonderful. Same place next week." The butler is wiping himself with a handkerchief. She puts her hand along his front forcing more physical contact. She is certain he's been dreaming of their next encounter. She toys with their emotions so easily. Women's power. She saunters off.

---C10, Scene 3: Read Anything Good?

The maid enters the library where the man of the house rests. She gets close and drops her duster. She bends over to let him see her exposed part better. "Excuse me you have torn your pants. And your panties are distraught." The master of the manor hands her a pillow to cover up. She delays her leave. "No my lord. We're all alone. What do I have to do?" He wouldn't hear it. He flicks his fingers at her to go away and wanders to the other end of the room.

He sets down the family bible describing their history, it reads like nonsense. Whoever wrote it described a stark history full of mysterious entities weaving the fabric of nature into their image. It was more folktale than marital. He's at the end of the room now. There he meets a lithe figure wearing a hood. "Why are you wearing such drab clothing instead of the household apparel?" The hooded figure looks up and speaks, "I'm here to save you time. Observe."

He adjusts the clock, a secret passageway opens. "Come. We've gone through too much. Look inside, you'll be pleased." Inside is a desk and an arsenal of masturbatory aides; paintings, sketches, instructions, histograms depicting sub-humans captioned in his surname, denizens of an underworld who worship cum, and The Tome of Internal Dankness in an unlit room. After he lights the candles, his mind is opened, he can be like his grandfather, only wiry and a bit better mannered. Outside the study, there is a shriek and the sound of a struggle. He runs out, the hooded man only slowly following with disinterest.

A demon comes in about two hours after he walks away and forces the bunny maid to the end of the room. There he bent her over an armchair with her tail up. Her ripped stockings let him right inside. He's very tall, the position is more like downward doggy. He's slapping his crotch into her making a wet splat each time. He applies pressure to the top of her head forcing her face down. The demon hooks his fingers in her mouth and she gags as the tips go deep. He shoves a thumb up her ass and spreads it open. Her arms flail around until there's a guttural noise coming out her mouth as they climax, together. A jet of overflow exits her cunt. She turns her face and makes eye contact with her master she was meant for until her long orgasm fades and her spillage slows. The monster gropes her tits revealing them. Both her arms are held and she's hoisted up. Her head slumps down and bobs mid-air during extra-vigorous fucking. Her lower abdomen inflates and she audibly sobs until she cums again. He squeezes her tits pressing deep into him while she lets out a pained squeal. He hooks his teeth around her neck and she screams during his next climax which covers her legs in red energetic sperm. He licks her neck, bite marks revealed, and slips out letting her fall onto the chair.

The master comes forward. But he was much too late. The demon grins and vanishes. The woman left behind engorged with his seed and little rivulets of blood where she got nibbled on. She stands up. With red eyes, bruises on her body, and after all that, she offers herself to the master again, just a bit happier looking. She's no longer a proper maid or bunny. Her bunnyears are bent, her clothes are ripped. Does it matter? His dick is hard. His mind is full of the tome's lecherous stories. Her desire for him now is as real as before, only it no longer comes from a place of admiration or greed. Her mind's been infected, her body must be cleansed. Damn it. Hold back and try to save her. He casts ethereal chains on her from the tome he read and takes her upstairs.

Exiting the library, "sir, you're out so soon, the lady won't be expecting. Ah!" She notices the plump girl on a lead. Will she be mistreated like that someday? Her makeup is so seductive, down to her naked-looking thighs. Her calves flex as she balances. There's no way that sow beats her in looks. "Good morn." He gets out, attempting not to let his lust boil out of control at the sight of a clean maid. He flexes his prick anyways and her eyes dart down at the moving bulge. She has a talent for perversion herself, "are you headed for the bedroom, or would you like a coat to go outside." He flexes his dick again to hold in the sensation of excitement. She already knows he enjoys taking the maids outside. This can't go on longer. He starts upstairs. "Bed then." She says. "Who is he?" She asks about a man following from behind. Come to think of it, does he really know? The mysterious man whispers into her ear and she grows distant look on her face before putting her arm around his. They go upstairs. She's coming along.

---C10, Scene 4: Predatory Coitus

He enters the queen's bedroom. Springs are squeaking. The lady of the mansion and her consort. Below her is another woman, red in the face, her skin bared to her master. He's close enough to touch them now. Their soaring lust. The lady turns her conquest sideways and scissors her. They hear screaming in the distance and their hungry cunts water. She takes care to spread her pussy juice along the leg of the squire she's trained. One day she'll hold the master's sword. She turns to greet him. There's only the next maid, prepared to receive her daily lesson. She beckons her onto the bed and takes the top position undraping her skimpy uniform and proceeds to make gratuitous lower-belly contact with the beauty. Her fingers trail around her neck and torso and lower.

A demon makes his way upstairs and opens doors at random. It takes a few tries before he finds a woman. She's in that special outfit, but she's already exposed. She's powdering herself in the bathroom and hasn't covered up at all despite the door opening. The taint of humanity, he'll suck it out of her. He grabs her wrist. She's staring into the mirror, there's nobody there. Terrifying. He turns her to him and shoves his long invisible tongue down her throat. Her nipples turn erect. He pulls his tongue out forces her head back with his hand and her right breast is delicately bitten as he licks her nipple. She's in tears and can't make a sound. He shoves his fingers down her throat next, causing her to gag, watery snot trails out her nose. He slaps her left tit and fingers her pussy. Her body responds. He turns her shoving her over the sink. Her feet come off the floor, his cock is perched between her powdered buttcheeks already oozing. With his fingers still down her throat, he casts a spell sending something down even further. His cock flexes twice before he rams it into her pussy absorbing the feminine juices. Her anus twitches then the tentacle he sent in pushes out. He pulls her head up to see her gagging in the mirror. A few pumps close to her womb and he pushes it in penetrating her painfully too deep, he cums enough it visibly expands her. Her face contorts. She climaxes and he removes his fingers. The tentacle slides out. Soft, so weak, a frail human in the flesh, defeated, mine to do what I please. He grabs her wrists pulling them up behind her head. He energizes her until her body's brimming with tremors. He vigorously fucks her ass and fills her belly. She futilely attempts to regain her breath but she can't stop lightly screaming as she quakes. He lets go and grabs her tits in his hands, he presses her nipples hard between his fingers. Her head and hair are in the sink now. He turns her around to face him and he bends her backward over the sink and biting into her breasts again, followed by another deep kiss. He turns her to her side and he sinks his teeth into her armpit. She drools into the sink basin as he finishes a final load in her ass, the stuff pours into the sink out of her mouth. When he pulls out viscous stuff drains out onto her leg. The master would never treat her like this. She can only think the master would never. He leaves the bathroom while the girl's ruined body reclines on the sink.

The second bunnygirl in the queen's bed is devoured from her pussy to her tits. The lady's tongue touches every part of her body. She kisses her and squeezes her ass. Anus and tail dangling in front of her. She has wicked plans for those dank places. "You should take a liking to this treatment. One day you'll have to satisfy a man much more aggressive than I can imitate. I'll give my best try to increase the threshold now." She takes out a thin rope and binds their hands behind them. Their tails up, face down. "Should the master wish to see us today, beg for him to release all he has inside." She binds them with their faces down on her pillows, she gets a thicker rope for their body, then braces their ankles together in a solid bar spanning the width of the bed. She puts blindfolds over their eyes. "Push like you're going to the bathroom when it goes in." She has glass anal plugs and fits the first girl who complains incessantly, but has no vote in the matter, it enters and her anal passage is spread open, it's done. Another scream outside, closer. It turns the lady on. The maids argue, "Miss, I think something might be happening. We should get dressed." She fits the second with a glass anal plug only slightly smaller. "No my butt. Eeek!" She's tight but the plug goes in. The maid yells into the pillow when it passes in. Poor dear, the lady thinks and gives her little pawn in the game of intercourse a kiss on her butt. She stuffs their mouths with stockings and puts a strip of cloth over holding it. The muffled girls' argument is sweet to listen to.

She masturbates while watching the two gaped victims give into their role as pleasure dolls. They start enjoying it, they should train for long intercourse so she leaves it. There's some shouting and banging coming from the master bedroom. She smiles, her husband must have finally decided to bring the maid to his room. She would see that. He's finally blossoming under her care. Was he also frightening the women? She goes to his room.

The men and two maids make it up the stairs. There's some shouting in the bathroom. They can hear noises coming from the queen's bedroom. They'll have to exorcise this woman in the master bedroom. They bring her in and tie her legs together and arms behind her, left on her back. The master chants the healing spells he learned, her body improves, bruises heal. But her thoughtless disposition remains like she's a shell awaiting pleasure. Tied down, she doesn't appear to care.

The lady walks in. "Am I too early? Why are you fully clothed? Oh, I see, you're enjoying a little bonding." Not entirely sure what she meant, her husband explains the situation.

"Oh, so who is he?" She asks about the man with the hood. He speaks, "Think of me as a benefactor in these matters. I chose to let you see me now." He removes the hood, beneath is a skeletal visage of an indiscernible age.

---C10, Scene 5: Slow Finisher

The scent of sex wafts down the hall and he follows it, he can tell there will be a prize most bountiful at the end. A door, he'll enter. Inside the room are two bound women in an attractive face-down ass-up position fully exposed with gaping anus spread by transparent glass. The only thing they're wearing looks like sexy suits modified into lingerie, barely hiding their midsection, and bunny tails pointed up. Their arms behind their back, their heart-shaped asses spread out, their legs are locked open, their clits exuberantly wet, this must be bait. It doesn't get much better than this. It's too tempting.

He puts his weight on the bed crushing it under him, and he finds position behind the one on the right closer to the door. He feels with his fingers the wet cunt in front of him. He slides his hand along her face. Her body reacts startled but her cheeks move up like she's smiling. This is most certainly a treat he never experienced. His meals aren't so willing. He feels for an insertion and has sex with her. She happily squeezes. His ball sack smacks against her clit when his cock grinds her anus touching the glass. He inserts into her and repeats. He can't go all the way in without breaking her womb. The feeling of her agreeably allowing this. He hears her breath in and out getting excited. There's something disgusting about it so he starts moving at his speed and feels her body wince in pain. He presses his cock into her cervix to wear it out. Her face is a grimace of pain and after a few minutes her body is sweaty, the master is too cruel. He pulls at the anal plug just to see what it'd do. He claps her ass. Then he clasps her tits between his hands and pumps as hard as he can shaking the bed and rattling her insides.

The other girl moves her face in her pillow and the blindfold slips. She sees nothing, but her friend is being barbarically violated. Her tits wobble and squash. She appears to orgasm and moan, but then lets out an eek and a sound like she's been punched in the gut. She's doing her best to please the nothing. The nothing that fucks her isn't gentle in the slightest and she has scratches and bruises forming on her while it collides into her. There's a loud clap as her ass jumps up. She's sweaty and not constantly pained, does she like it? All the watcher does is sweat in frightened anticipation, her own juice spills out and trails with gravity up her exposed belly. She is hit on her clit by a strong flick and she cranes her neck to see there's nothing. It repeats, bringing her to orgasm, then a jagged sensation runneth along her clit as the demon's tail slides along. Her friend's lower abdomen inflates and her body strains from the tension. A jet of cum and red energy exits her vagina. A jagged tail runs along her clit for good measure. The bed unsquashes as a heavy object vanishes.

Twenty seconds later he returns. The door opens. He moves behind the next woman in line and the nothing begins to screw her with incredible force and disdain for either of their reactions.

Her face exposed his hand feels it. There's a gag preventing him from entering her mouth. That is no good. He enjoys the feel of her nose and soft face before understanding them, well, they can't escape. He removes the other woman's blindfold and materializes visibly. Revealed to her view he fucks this busty bunnygirl just the way he likes, her tail wagging. The viewer whose lust overcame the brutal force is stricken with fear and loses control feeling cold now from the sweat on her body. With meticulous minstruation, bruising, clawing, and pussy fucking, this thing fucks just like she wanted, she wants this to happen to her. She felt it. The woman under him climaxes and she's turned on more. She sees the exposed belly flex and trill. The woman getting violated looks back again and this time sees him, and her expression changes. Her body rocks fast like she's having another orgasm, she's trying to stand up and shakes her upper body to get away waving her tits around. He pulls out.

His hands tear off the front of the woman's costume and she glistens with sweat. Her entire body is shaking. Her eyebrows squinching. She's panicking and it looks orgasmic. Standing up his cock emerges looking like a spear, turning around, it's near her face. He removes the anal plug and shoves his tongue in, she twitches uncontrollably now, knowing her demonic mate is capable of anything. His teeth dig into her pussy and lower back and he squeezes her butt with his hands. His tail wraps around her neck. There's a certain satisfied look growing on her face. Is the anal that good? She's enjoying this, is it so easy? He removes her gag and puts his cock in her mouth; He spreads her anus with his thumbs. He continues tongue-fucking her anally. There's no doubt she's in pain, her throat stretches. He abuses her tits more. He puts his hands under her feeling her soft body and clit. The onlooker thinks, this is exciting. He's going to do this to her next? He pulls out and turns back to the doggystyle position, his penis ready. He shoves his fingers down her throat and holds her body up for several minutes during vigorous anal fucking before his body instinctively betrays his desire, he grabs her tits very hard and sinks teeth in. His helpless victim has so many feelings at that moment. The other girl tries to scream, but her mouth is full. The girl felt the creampie, betrayed as he pulls out, cum flows out her anus while she twitches. The terrible creature vanishes, his weight leaving the bed. The woman wants him back.

Twenty seconds later he returns. The nothing enters the room.

---C10, Scene 6: Vampire

They can't figure out how to free the woman from her lustful torment. There's no answer. She was gone in one way and turned on another. They hear the wall bang from the direction of the queen's bed. "Excuse me," the lady says, "I've left some things unattended to." She leaves them to keep debating.

She opens her door and sees a vicious pair. A woman she bound is being held up as she's screwed, a tail between her legs. The thing taking her over has his tongue down her throat while her head's tilted back. Her bound hands and legs. Her body is nude all but the stockings she wore and a tail. It's like she imagined her husband. But this thing's a "demon!" She says. Although he wasn't doing anything too bad yet, there's a paranormal event happening. Titties bouncing, he grabs the bunnygirl he was fucking by her hips and squeezed her loose fat. He switches to her ass, popping out the anal plug. "Stop that immediately." (because I'm wet) "This is my bed. My girls." She comes over to stop him as he grabs the maid's tits and squeezes as if to milk her, her fat nipples at the end of his fingers puff out. She cries out sensing this is the final moment she's been begging him for. He sinks his teeth down on her nape before the lady can fight him off bloating her belly with cum. He stares at the intruder with his teeth out, she is in his sights. His tail works into the maid's clit for a minute bringing her to orgasm again. He licks her neck up to her face and across. His tongue is big enough to cover her face from view but the way she's tilting her head back she appears to feel extremely good. The others come in to see him vanish. The monster has exited the room.

The two bound women are seeking further intercourse. There's nothing else to do for them. Should they be freed, they'll only pursue another. The chase continues. He appears to have a refractory period like a normal man. The master gives the lady the tome for her to study. He enchants his body for vigor and seeks to batter the brute. There's another scream down the hallway. The refractory period is painfully short. They all go. Almost all of them.

They chase after a ghost they never see that takes the women. It leaves them thirsting more. And it makes them useless.

---C10, Scene 7: Sacrifice the Queen

The lady stands on the stairs balcony. She hears the basement open. There's a scuttle as something runs past her through the double doors. So, that must be where he comes from. She goes downstairs and unlocks the basement with a clothespin. In the back is a strange totem. She puts her hands on it and it grabs her pumping arcane magic into her.

The demon's mate squeals in delight at his anal penetration. he removes his fingers from her throat. Her mammaries are tested in that final moment and they make his cock harder. She makes a joyous noise when he whips her lower half with his tail and slides it between her tits. He sinks his teeth in and finishes by unloading his entire stock in her. He's summoned back to the totem. The ritual feast must continue, he will produce a new hoard and become the master. Then he will have endless sacrifices.

When the demon returns he finds her bound to his blood source, chest out. She doesn't waver or flinch as he approaches. He opens his mouth as if to bite her face. He feels her gown. He moves it off her chest with his tail and slips around one of her breasts. She breathes faster. She's never had sex with something so alien. She has no desire for her life to end here though, so she won't betray her feelings. She chants before he gets any closer to her face, and her bare body becomes intoxicating to him. He looms over her, slides his dick in then shoves his tongue down her throat, and does nothing but try to cum into her repeatedly for the entire session. He feels the blood flow from her to his loins. His energy pouring out, it's not too difficult, infinite orgasm within his reach. Throat-fucking her with his tongue, his teeth wrapped around her face. He lifts her lower half of the gown up and slips a very long finger up her ass and pulls spreading her anus open. She's enjoying this dangerous game a bit too much. Wasn't anal how he finished off that woman? He stabs into her womb, he jerks his head back, he forces saliva down her throat, this causes such a revulsion she thinks she's throwing up and can barely breathe. He stabs a long finger into her right nipple flattening out her breast while pushing it in, then he twists it, she doesn't give in. He sinks his teeth in pinching her bare breast and cums. Her body's been transformed by the totem. She knows. The pain feels good.

The totem's refilling him and corrupting her. Her muscles become firm. Her ass tones, she begins to pull away and his hands take her wrists forcing them back. He sucks at her tit for a moment, leaving teeth marks. He stands up and forces his tail up her ass. He brings his face back down to hers. His tongue trails around the front of her neck. You aren't getting away, and this will only get better. He feels her body twitch. He removes his tongue to look at her. His eyes devour her before he would mate her again. He turns her to her side and holds up one leg, screwing her sideways on her right side, she's touching the totem so it recovers them both. The overflowing energy lets him and her keep cumming. He'll never stop. He can feel her legs. He can touch her with his hands, and he'll never stop cumming in her pussy. He puts a hand on her left tit and squeezes while he pulls tight into her with one leg high up in the air he bites her thick calf muscle and cums.

He has her kneel and grabs her hands. She performs oral and the shape of it bulging in the middle won't leave her mind. She tries to make it last. He forces her to speed up using her like a toy. He turns her upside-down against the totem and continues. His tongue finds its place in her pussy. He sucks at it. He squeezes her calf muscles while climaxing down her throat. She opens her legs to a full split and he crams his tongue in her ass. They continue screwing like that until he cums again. There's something extra intoxicating about this position he has to have more. He lifts her and puts his tongue in her mouth. He turns her

Now she's on her front. Her head's down she could touch the floor with her hands by 'raising' them. His cock goes in her mouth and his tongue goes in her ass. His tail goes up around her neck. His hands grab her tits and he bites into her taint. Cumming. He slips out and rests between her tits. She squeezes them around him eagerly trying to change his attention to there. This is it. He can't resist the urge. He rights her upwards, face to the totem, and grinds into her ass. His tail finds her pussy. Now she'll be like the rest. He licks her neck and her body craves this. He's putting it in. She lifts her head higher for the final moment and sticks her ass out relaxing, for the insertion. It went in, she prematurely starts to groan thinking she'll feel it in her belly. His hands grope her tits and bear down. Her pussy cums from his tail.

---C10, Scene 8: Size Matters

Her husband walks in to see her like this, with this thing, and that happening, how naughty of her. "That's my wife." He lifts up the enchanted elephant gun he carries and fires shattering the totem. At least, she hopes he was aiming for the totem. It worked. It splits and she falls forward, free, the demon releases her during his recoil, removing every part of his body from hers. They wrestle the demon to the floor and bind him with multiple spells. The hooded man there says, "I think I can tame it. You wouldn't mind right?" The creature responds with a whimper. He leaves with the magick-bound vampire, presumably to train it to respect women more.

The husband says, "according to the tome, there's a giant city beneath the basement. We're going to be constantly harassed like this if we don't go break their toys." His wife glances to his crotch and announces, "why are you looking so?... Happy to see me?" Only after explaining the story of the ancient city he ceased, and shifted his underwear, by then they were at the gates below.

Two armed guards at the front gate of the city. There's a woman with four arms, plated armor, and what might be a small horse. On closer inspection they're both about as large as a horse, the perspective was fucked because the gate is also so huge. There's a moat. They get a look and there are so many people, they stop and screw against the walls like they can't stop. The couple retreats and summons genies to help nullify them. "I can't fuck the horse, so you should." The woman summoned is no bigger than she, but she's got tremendous titties, the glint in her eye at the mention of a horse suggests this would be alright. A blue giant with ethereal tendrils and a cavernous midsection is summoned. The genie approaches him, somewhat understanding this is a joint effort. The housemaster doesn't appear impressed, can he really beat that giant woman?

The woman accosts the horse pressing in J-cups that nearly touch her own naval. She removes her top and his cocks emerge from their sheath slipping out of his pants. The giant woman seems amused because she laughs at his lack of control. Her match greets her. She pulls out a greatsword and hacks off one arm before he can encumber her. Such brutality! With brute strength, she tosses him over the edge into the moat. He vanishes in the throngs below.

Seeing the horse cocks begin ejaculating slowly as the woman rubs along his shaft, the giantess helps. She harshly takes the woman by her face and grabs her hair, arms, and legs. Enormous hands pull her leg wide apart and she lies down. The woman above her spread eagle. She's been held so firmly she can't move and her privates are held up for the man. The man puts his arms around her cupping her spectacular, huge tits she was seducing him with. When his body goes over her she's forced down enough armor is grinding into the woman's clit, the shape of it allows it to insert into her vagina. He roars, lifting her up off the armor. He skewers her with both his dicks. She cums immediately and loudly from the rough treatment. The woman releases her hands and puts her arms around the woman's lower waist, thrusting her hard metal body back together. They're face-to-face. She's being squeezed tightly around her whole body.

The couple, watching from a distance, can see his ballsack slap into her. A gout of saliva comes out her mouth, the giantess shoves her tongue in with amazing greed sucking at her face and tongue. A red energy from both mates runs into her and she begins manically gyrating forcing the stud to climax. Her own energy does so successfully, and she does as well. The horse bends over and slips his cock-like tongue between them. His giant friend sticks out her tongue to lick it and suck it guiding it between them. This resulted in a shared blowjob between the two. He's cumming in every hole and the genie's womb fills quickly making her feel like she's made of jelly. His fingers work the tits, milk squirting onto the one below. The four-armed woman summons tentacles that helpfully remove her armor and restrain their toy. She helps him relocate his lower dick to her pussy to fill her during the next course.

The sight of the monster teaming up on one woman meant to defeat them was a mess, a magical, tantalizing mess, but it was also an opening. The woman in control generously takes one in her pussy in place of the plaything. She'll be too busy to prevent them from passing. The couple sneaks through.

In the distance, a nymph awakens due to the disturbance. She watches. She's dressed a bit like a girl out for a walk.

---C10, Scene 9: Girlfriend

There's another giant woman in exorbitant revealing armor. Blondish pink hair. Maybe just a little taller than seven feet. "You know. We'll have to deal with these our own way. Here, let me try." The lady preps then approach the Amazon. This one's not so big. They enter a standoff and the giant rushes to her. She trips her and casts blue chains, holding her, she casts tentacles, which force the giantess to her knees. The bound woman is reclined back, now, like one of her helpless charges, she undresses her. The woman's as big as a table. She looks like she wants this. She sends energy back at the lady, which only spurs her on. She refers to her husband, "Don't just watch honey. I know you haven't satisfied yourself today."

He enchants himself for strength and virility and removes her boots. The woman is muscular, not the soft feminine muscles like he's always been accustomed to. He puts a hand on her calf and feels it ripple. Her leg jerks up when his wife puts a finger into her. He speaks up to ask, "what exactly have you been doing while I'm studying?" She replies, "I've been helping spice up our marriage, of course." She summons a genie to deal in magic. "Take care she doesn't slip out of her binding." The woman nods and puts her hands on the Amazon's head, sending her own power in manipulating her. She summons a tentacle that wraps around the upper body, some that grope her captive's tits, another goes partway into her captive's mouth, and another is between her own tits pulling off her top hands-free. Excite my husband? I shall try my best. Her breasts and the genie's are like pillows behind the other's head. "Ok love, it's your turn." She's excited to see he's also ready, a bit of a chub boner, he's loosening his belt. "How would you like to take her first. Like this?" She deliberately reclines the warrior backward down to her back. "No. I am a proud warrior. You won't defeat me easily." The Amazon's taint and crotch penis is easily exposed and any cover removed. Her pelvis is stuck in the air, her feet together, her legs are lifted up above her head now. Her taint exposed, ass and pussy are prominent and clean. "Look." Her tuft of pink pussy hair sticks out. The lady, standing, runs her finger along her taint, smoothing over. "It's so soft." Blue tentacles stuff the girl while her husband watches. She's lubricated and the tentacles pull out. "Watch me." She licks the woman's privates, they have to stand to do this. The genie produces tentacles to help hold her, and she also eats the Amazon's ass.

The lady comes up to the husband and takes out his cock. She helps make him hard with kisses. He casts the best enchantment and it grows full mast, precum. She pulls away, she needs to get him to screw other women, this is doable. "Are you into something more like this?" The Amazon's knees are tucked under her, her head down her muscular ass skyward. Her arms are behind her back. The genie has to adjust herself while holding down the other woman, her own ass is in the air. "Or do you prefer her?" The genie's pants are slipped down, encouraging the man.

He comes forward, enchanted purple essence seething from his root. Her bodyplate armor removed her bare muscular ribs and her relatively small breasts are out, D-cups, flattering for her low-fat build. His wife pulls down her top exposing herself. "Hold her right there," he tells her. She slides down her panties and joins in. Now there are three butts. He thinks, not long ago, that thing was in her. He feels her abused folds. Three women are begging for him to finally make his move. He feels the genie's. He stares at the genie's ass. Her tits are visible even as she maintains her hold on the woman's head. He looks back at the muscular one. The magic does her under as he penetrates, he slips in like a vacuum was inside her, and then a force intensely to pushes back at him, her girlcum escapes with force. He can finger the other two women. His magically erect cock makes a loud crash as he thrusts. She cries out, "oh Zeth oh fuck, I can't win." The stuff tingling her like fizz. Her back arches and falls and she yells from the rising intensity until her pussy overflows. The other two feel as good as they can.

The lady gets up and in front. She wants more. The genie holds her head and pulls her hair up as the lady caresses her front. She casts her own enhancement and stuffs the woman's mouth full of cooch with some help. The initial girlcum rolls down the chin and she shakes her head up and down. The pair of enchantments have skewered her mind, she doesn't even think of fighting now. This is an intense feeling for the Amazon who gets loud enough to shock everyone despite being muffled. The lady steps back and watches her husband blow, a large shock of essence and corrupting magic trails through the woman and he pulls out shooting a few remaining streams onto her backside. The lady's girlcum in her mouth. She's done in. Her arms free she hugs the genie like a doll until she vanishes.

The nymph runs silently to alert her sisters in the city. They're about to be invaded by a fun couple. They should be on their best behavior. Lots of cummies.

---C10, Scene 10: Nymphomania

They have a conversation on their way to the central pillar. The source of energy must have a purpose, and for the builders of this place, a means to control it. The master speaks with his wife, "the women here are total sluts. Imagine the intellectual force what made this place. Were the invaders successful in purging those that created it? What we saw at the gate, the giants, those are invaders spoken of in the tome."

His wife, "was there some kind of accident? Maybe there was no takeover."

"You saw the gatekeepers. The red hair, the muscles. The tome tells the story. Like I said earlier the..." Shuffle. Some of the denizens of the deep are sneaking around listening to their conversation. "If someone over there wants to help, we need to know the way to the center of the city." In response to that, a group of demi-humans emerges. Maybe they bit off more than they can chew. The demi-humans are easily pleased with words and news of the mansion. They have vestigial tails and translucent skin. Signs their mixed-breeding was totally random. It turns out they're friendly.

What is the city below? The story according to the uncle: There is a connection between the ancient city and the ancients themselves. A technologically advanced race, it's a mystery whether they were human, to begin with.

At the time that Dread invaded, her Zeth empowered forces easily overthrew and mated them. The remaining populace is child-like. Not particularly strong. They bear the gift Zeth gave them all. They will not waver in a fight, they will not grow fatigued during intercourse. It's quite possible that there are no true ancient citizens remaining, the offspring of Amazons and the ancient kin are something of a nymphoid. Every part of their body is pleasured by physical contact with reproductive ability, coital, they lure other races in mixing their genes among countless generations. Rather than inbreeding, they have done their best and introduced explosive growth.

As the new entourage help them, the couple finds themselves in an incomplete stone building. There's one figure wearing a jacket remaining. "Follow me. I'll take you the rest of the way."

The housemaster inquires, "Can you tell of us your recent history? And what we'll be facing?" The woman in a jacket says, "I don't know much. Down here is a constant battle between Halfbliss and the Dank Apostles." That sounds ominous. She finishes, "though our numbers are ever rising, it's ever increasingly difficult to intermarry." The lady asks, "what kind of win condition are you looking for?" The answer is given in such. There are a number of possible victories which refer to dynasty and lineage. The master scoffs. Utter nonsense, they are ants trying to capture queens. "The alignments grant Dread superiority." His wife answers, "then we have to counter Zeth's influence with Illmuire."

---C10, Scene 11: Machine

The woman leads them into the cathedral chamber, there is a device with a mysterious configuration and runes interlinked by giant metal pillars. They must use this to proceed. They were given no other explanation. She leaves them there. They can find their way back alone alright.

The lady steps forward and activates a random panel. "I'll be back. Try figuring out anything you can." She vanishes in the center as though a magic trick. The master remains to decide his choice.

---C10, Scene 12: Inflatable

There's a simple terminal with the sole option to activate it. A teleporter sends her elsewhere.

She reappears in something like a giant ritual chamber and encounters a nymph with a man built like a horse. Another one. She enchants herself. Her body has been altered by the contact with that totem. Her sex was tested, and she withheld long enough to make it here. She straightens up enough to expose her assets. She's ready to fuck them both. Nobody said it would be easy. The cum god's power is the only boon she needs to take them both. Seeing her carefree approach the nymph glides over and touches her. She's naked. Young looking, a sheen across her skin like a piece of candy, her pores are not visible to the naked eye but she's certain that the nymph described by the tome is the same. The girl titters and helps her move along to the big boy waiting. He grabs the woman wearing a revealing dress and she's ushered to something like a stall with a holster and strapped in. He's way too strong and she only manages to get him harder.

There's a good deal of lubricant rubbed on her bottom by the two of them and the man mounts her filling her insides up. He grunts at the sensation of power being sent back at him. Her stomach bulges and there's a sudden rush of moistness as her supercharged body releases. She lets out a sigh at the sensation. The nymph presses her hand to the lady's mouth and looks happy just to abuse her face. She lets her face distort into a grin and her body morphs with numerous tentacles. She fucks the lady's throat while her partner takes the back end. She removes the lady's tits from her top with ease and stretches them by hand, rubbing and kneading them. Another layer of lubrication is applied between her breasts, a tentacle slips between them repeatedly stimulating the nymph. The large male is jamming his tongue into her anus and letting the sticky saliva coat her backside. The nymph turns and presses her bottom into the lady's face. It's soft enough the head is nearly shoved in. The horse forcefully pushes back into her, her body shakes. The nymph has a very odd laughing orgasm like she forgot what she was doing. She unsticks herself and tries to chant.

The lady chants too, summoning purple snakes which penetrate the nymph in her many many erogenous orifices and weakpoint. She's quite indisposed getting fucked all over her body. Her movement and stunned look at times suggest something dirtier happening. A snake slips out her mouth and back in. The horse, turned on by the sight no doubt, finishes another load. The lady summons a servant. A lower-level woman of Illmuire. The servant rapidly unlatches the stall. The man is quite exhausted, but he stands on two legs ready for the two women.

She grabs the nymph who's tied up and reverted back to nearly-human form and sticks her in. From this angle, her jiggling boobs hang down, and her small frame is exposed to all the imagination holds. "Wouldn't you like to give her a try?" The two ladies slap her body and she loves it. The nymph protests anyways, a bit false, "no horsey, you don't have to. I don't want to get fattened by you now." The horse obeys his master, he pushes the servant aside and tries to free the trollip. The lady summons a genie. "Him or you." Her course of action is to see how far the horse-cum will squirt out this nympho girl. She cups one of her G-cup breasts and sees the permeation effect of her hand passing through. Intriguing, it's like an amoeba. This too pleases the horse slut no matter how rough the lady is. After slapping her tits, she gets in front and forces cunnilingus for several minutes before the main show.

The two others argue while her fingers do the magic, exposing the girl. Eventually, the goliath is too horny to think. The genie lies on her back on top of the nymph and offers her own ass.

The buck shoves his tongue in and coats the backsides with saliva. As he pulls out a trail of cum is left behind. He then rams both cocks into the two women's assholes the entire length fits into the nymph and nearly passes all the way through to her neck leaving a bulge. She makes a happy noise. The genie has a look of discomfort as her stomach bulges. It's so bizarre that the lady steps back to see. The horse fucks likes this until a fountain-stream pours out the nymph's mouth and her lower half bloats. He pulls out just short of doing the same to the genie. He steps back. The lady creates solid tentacles and prepares to squeeze the woman's body, before doing so she feels her back, many spots glisten awaiting penetration, so what, she has a belly, a vagina, and a butt. The threads of tendrils snap tight and some of the stuff squirts out her backward through the anus and vagina, but her body also permeates with it, her tits becoming larger, her nipples thickening and the areolae puff out. She feels the new engorged tits and cups them, squeezing out some fluid. She has the genie turn over. "Do it again." And again. The nymph offers a suggestion, "you don't have to. I'm satisfied." And her boyfriend says, "I want to." She repeats the experiment until the girl's tits touch the floor. The sounds of happy horse sex ends when he slumps forward exhausted, his cock slides all the way throughout her mouth and the girl above her's stomach bulges as well.

She moves on to greet the keeper of the next room. There she sees a nymph fucking her husband riding cowgirl.

---C10, Scene 13: Fertile Grounds

Unable to activate the same location, the master proceeds to the next location in line. He's met with a terminal displaying runes and an exit. Inside the following location, there's a single woman reclining. So he greets her.

"Hello, I've just arrived here. Can you tell me more about this place?" She returns his comment with a dazed look, he must have woken her up. She flits over to him and puts her arms around in a hug. "Nice to meet you." He says. There's something uncanny about her. She says, "Can you help me? I have comfort issues. Help me with needs." He thinks of his wife's wishes. "Yes, I suppose I could." He places his hands on her and thinks he's going to slip into her. "Ohh, oh do it, yes, I know what you're thinking." Was she being honest? He slides his hands along her without applying much pressure. "Do it with your full weight. Put it in me. Uuh. Oooh. Use this." She strokes his crotch until he's erect. She gets on the edge of the couch and offers herself removing her garments slowly. What would my wife do? He explores this woman with his penis and fingers her all over. She's more transparent than the nymph he's read about, perhaps her corporeal state is an indication she's more human. He's seated and she switches positions to top. Riding him. His wife walks in.

She decides that tentacles are quite attractive when she fills the nymph's body. Her body convulses and her face goes wide smiling. She excretes blue glowing cum on top of her husband. She finally lets her go and he holds her protectively. "There was no reason for you to do that. I was comforting her." The lady smiles and simply states, "she took my fancy." She proceeds to fill her up and squeeze her waist to make her tits bigger while she's still connected with the man. "I blew her up. See how swollen her nipples have gotten? Now suck her tits babe. She's dying for it." He puts his lips to one and the breast practically engulfs his face. He opens up wide to properly suck. His wife inflates the doll again while holding her hands behind her. "Did you cum inside her yet? I think we better leave her here. Let's get going." He pulls out but he's still hard. "Close your eyes and tell me how this feels." She takes the thick girl's tits and mashes them around his cock. She gets down to help service him. "You can look now." He opens his eyes to the sight of a woman with tits too soft and his wife abusing her. She jerks him off with the huge tits and forces the other girls to give head, sharing him until he cums between them.

---C10, Scene 14: Machine Retry

"What do you think it's for?" The couple debates the machine. The Lady says, "it's some sort of device that will cast a spell on the whole city right? Make sure to set things properly."

They each enter the next two respective portals. The lady sees a different panel and has a wonderful idea that's going to solve their troubles.

On the other side, she meets with another horse. She summons genies to subdue him. He attempts to swallow one fitting her pussy with his tongue. The girl's got big tits but even that doesn't stop it, his insides squeeze her until she slips down to her neck and he must have decided he liked her breasts because he fits the tongue between her pair and begins moving back and forth to cum in her face.

She summons a second boobalicious snack for him, with who he grapples. There's something about the gaze between the two women. One in his mouth. The second sucks on the cock lovingly while he slips his enormous cock in her.

Try this then, a third entangles him, while he's encumbered by women with huge tits they all deal with his dicks. He lies on his side and then rests on his back. The cum flying is spectacular. He's completely zonked out and the one in his mouth easily escapes. They summon specters that feel across his body and completely disable him. The lady has a bit of a thing for this now so she gets on top and allows both of his dicks to ejaculate into her with a body enchanted many ways. The women smother her and constantly pour orgasmic energies, her eyes glow blue from the dangerous energy forcing her to climax. She feels her physical strength sapped considerably, but she recovers and lets them try until she's satisfied. The mixed energy and sperm cover her. The women smother her with kisses and they play with each other's tits above a horse with two giant cocks.

---C10, Scene 15: Catfighting Goddesses

The next place that the master visits he sees two women fighting. A large woman in crimson armor that's overly erotic baring her skin is abusing her rival wearing nothing but a gown he can see through. Her armored crotch has a point, she pins the other woman on her back and shoves the point into her. She fires red lightning and the woman undulates repeatedly before climaxing. The victor laughs and gets up. They're going to do it again. She gets the woman in a headlock who shrieks like a madwoman and a red tentacle wraps up her leg boring into her asshole and out her mouth. The tentacle vanishes and she's pushed down to the floor. The sexual act repeats over and over, there's anger in the loser's breath when she attacks.

His wife comes in again. He starts saying, "I didn't want to interrupt, they're having a go repeatedly." The champion who's been screwing the helpless woman looks up and approaches, grabbing the lady a little too fast! She must have gotten bored and now wants a new toy. With her full-on armor, she pins his wife easily and starts trying to force an orgasm with her pointed crotch. "No my husband's going to see. Weee." The other woman unexpectedly sneaks up on him. "She's pretty. Is she yours? I could make her love you all the more, with this." She asks this. She sneaks her hand into his pants while doing so. He watches, mesmerized as his wife is tongue-fucked, the tip of his cock is extremely sensitive and stimulated by the shade's fingers. The champion tears off her nightgown with her ass in view and forces oral from his wife. "I'm wet. You want to do her like this too right? Who first, me or you?" Says the shade, her fingers sliding up and down his shaft.

She gets down and massages his balls with her lips. He comes to his senses and looks at her and back at his wife. The warrior summons a tentacle to slide it along her clit. He pushes the shade away but she wraps something around him, still stimulating him nearer to climax. His wife is getting fucked, the armor rubs against her front now forcing her to climax while on top. He struggles and knocks the shade away, which she laughs at. "I thought you liked to watch. You were watching us. Why didn't you stop her?" He turns around and grabs her, she's incapable of beating him, he understands. She has no real strength. He's so horny he has to join. His wife is in throes of absolute bliss. He summons strength and screws his wife. With his dick in the seductive woman who brought him to this point. He forces her to orgasm while the armor grinds into her clit. He takes her and helps her put her skimpy clothes back on and they leave, the champion returns to abuse the shade of a woman wearing her own skimpy clothes. He's thinking about his wife with the shade and stops to watch again before leaving.

---C10, Scene 16: Eaten

The lady is in the next chamber. A giant worm pops out of its deep cavern and swallows her whole. She can barely fight it at the entrance. She's consumed. Its insides flex squeezing her tight pulling her in. Draining her strength, her arms are held tightly against her and its insides have a life of their own penetrating her. She moves deeper into it and the flesh twists around.

She wakes up. A bad dream. Nothing more.

---C10, Scene 17: Museum

The man enters a museum. When he tries to leave the menagerie he thought were inanimate come to greet him including a girl wearing clothes to resemble a dog, a muscular warrior, and a she-hulk with red muscles. They sit down and he carefully explains why he should be allowed to leave without pleasuring each one. Inevitably he gives up and grants them each what they desire most. He does the girl dressed like a dog doggystyle.

The bigger of the three bashfully shows her privates. There's a certain cuteness to this one. She grunts and he feels her muscled bottom. The other two take his arms and she shoves her butt back into him until they're done.

The warrior wants a wrestle and she's able to pin him. They suck his dick. He gives them vaginal orgasms. Enchanted cum all around.

---C10, Scene 18: Invisible Monster

There are a group of large wolves that hide in the shadows when the lady enters. She opens the exit but as she's about to leave she feels something brush over her. She's seized and surrounded, she tries to chant an energy bolt. However, the entire group converges forcing their knots into her throat and pussy one by one, cumming inside, she's teleported.

In her exhausted state, she can't fight. She sneaks up and kisses the goliath, there's a very long tongue in his mouth and she falls back remembering. He tries lifting her for the double barrel and she pulls him down for missionary. His enormous girth struggles but eventually penetrates and he lets out a guttural drone at the sensation inside her. He pulls out then forces back in her wet squirting pussy. His abs flex and he plunges deeply in. He sucks her tits easily swallowing either up to her neck.

She endures a lifetime of passion and he swallows her whole body, his insides fuck her. Other women come and mate with him. She is finally let out when he swallows another. He shoves his two cocks inside the lady again as she shouts the final word of power for recovering. Her body recovers in time for more vigorous sex. Her stomach bloats and cum pours out her mouth. She savors it and his mouth covers her with goo, and on her face. The other women don't stay long. She turns over and he gets down on her like that. He kisses her with tongue cumming down her throat his mouth wetting all over her neck.

---C10, Scene 19: Hard Candy

There's the spell center, Illmuire, and another nymph. The master reveals his cock, knowing she wanted nothing but to "suck on it." She gladly does. He relaxes knowing full well she would do anything to please him. He takes her to the nearby stairway and has sex with her there. He enchants himself with the ultimate recovery and vigorously bangs the woman on the floor pressing his body to hers until she's practically melded into his chest. "Yes, yes I didn't know I wanted so badly. This is the power." He wakes up next to her full of his cum, and sucks on her tits.

There's more. What, more? More women. He thinks. They're all swarming towards him. "Uh, excuse me, ladies. Excuse me." They don't listen and each one pursues to mate with him. They have some success when he tries to fight. Five or six are given a generous quantity of sperm and others are able to steal orgasms. His mouth and penis are unable to satisfy everyone. The endless numbers make him concerned. He retreats and casts barriers while leaving.

---C10, Scene 20: Festive Breeding

He finally meets up with his wife and tells her this new development, "they're acting strange." As they attempt to retreat out the mansion the denizens of the deep are in a frenzy. An absolute fuck-all frenzy. They make it back to the sewer where they see the humanoids giving in to carnal pleasure like wild animals in heat. Their own desires are blooming and they kiss before knowingly rushing through, past the gatekeepers who are also mating, ascending the sewer steps towards their bed. There they make love. They stare into each other's eyes.

"What kind of spell did we cast? I didn't see any of the runes besides power." He asks this turning to his wife. "Oh, you know, enchant..." Enchant? "Enchant?" She says, "Regen." Oh no. "You gave them mana regen? What were you expecting?" She smiles, "we're going to be away for a long time, sire. Rock my world." She finishes the thought with a laugh. The aftermath even reaches as far as the mansion for all they know. They're living it up.

---C10, Scene 21: Bunny End

Years later, the uncle, a youthful yet wise man is jacking off to a porno mag. A newly employed bunny appears to him. She's an amazingly built, busty, bubbly happy girl. She helps him by massaging his cock right in the middle of his self-love. She puts her lips to his ear and chants a spell to make his dick even harder. She spends the night sucking him off in his enamored state. She leaves before he has a chance to ask her anything.

The next night he's in bed with his youthful wife and two girls come, like the last, they are both gentle with their privates and give head to both at the same time. "Honey, is this happening?" She puts her arms around him and says, "Yes dear. This would be perfect if you finished inside me." She gets on top of him and they connect while the girls help lubricate their machinery. "The girls you've trained are getting so bold." He says. But she denies it, "I don't know who they are. Do you know someone? Why is this happening?" He has a question but they finish and fall asleep.

He dials up an old friend as soon as he can. "Hello. Have you been sending over maids recently? It's me at the mansion. Who is this? ... No. Yes. It's good to hear from you too. No, you don't have to personally observe, well, yes, I'd like that. Ok, I'd really really like that. I miss you, see you later then."

The ultimate bunny came over that evening to fuck him. She even brought a descendent of an Amazon who she claims is tamed, a sadistic mismatch of energy resides in her. The resemblance to Dread remained uncanny, but this is only one from her tribe. The two of them sucked his cock. He filled her with his honeyed words and then his cock. The corrupted Amazon was insatiable and wore herself out screwing him.

Later his wife took the maid aside for a stern talk. He nearly got up to stop them but it was beginning to sound lighthearted. "He never talks to me like he does with you. What's your trick?" He got to see his wife fall for the incredible woman as well. It ended very well, breast to breast for his viewing pleasure. They already knew he was into this.

At night, the strange beautiful bunnygirls arrived again, three, entering his bedroom with his wife in bed with him. "There they are." They see the angelic thrall of Illmuire and stand at attention. She examines them. "It's a glimmer. Something powerful controls their nature to one more breed ready. Not unlike the woman I brought they're deep under a spell." She snaps her fingers and the girls suddenly look like they've woken up. The lady casts her buffs and the other three there look surprised. She looks at everyone else, "aren't we going to screw them? They're here to fuck. More will be coming. I can tell that much." They cry and beg and scream like any real woman as the sex gets rough, but in the end, they wipe the mask of frail humanity away once their wombs are full. A long-gone civilization reduced to a strange mismatch of kink and sexual fantasy.

The couple is too untrusting to remain. "More. They're going to keep sending more. My nephew is visiting. Will you warn him when he gets here?" In other words. Fuck him silly right? "Allow my services. We'll hire the necessary recruitment services." She writes a note. Asks, "do you still have it? Give it. I know what to do."