
--- STRANGER 
Stage 1: Early Encounter, Level Foundation
	Mystery
	Has a number of potential breakthroughs that you can aide him with
	
Stage 2: Acting On Their Level, Earned In Stage 1
	level 0 naivete
	
		needs to leave pretty soon after a major breakthrough or idea
	
	level 1 intuitive, 
		gathering all the information and pressing.
	level 2 infatuation, 
		gathering information and appearing in unexpected places
	level 3 genius
		presents information and even leads the relation ahead, catches on and picks correct answers
		
Power Gathering
	Gathering evidence of hidden knowledge.
	Success in conversation. 
	Searching the room and finding bunneh. Observing bunneh when he uses skills.
	
Stage 3: Fiend: Knowledge Suppression
	The encounter is a perversion of their scientific achievements.
	
	Pays attention to bunneh, intentionally moves to impede him.  Begins conversations with bunneh, distorting the knowledge he tells.

--- FRIEND
Stage 1: Friend, Level Foundation
	Early, behaves like a normal friend level civilian.  Can be aided to become more resourceful.

stage 2: Generous Friend
	level 0: gives distance
	level 1: normal friend, brings more gifts
	level 2: makes suggestions, brings gifts, tries to enhance ms. kitty
	
Power Gathering: basic resources 

stage 3: Fiend: Technlolgical Golem
	Her spirit is empowered. Her spirit guides you to her "perfect ending." One where bunneh is human; human desires; repel the fiends who will confuse ms. kitty; and live in luxury.
	
--- CHALLENGER
Stage 1: Early Encounter, Level Foundation
	It might be interesting to have the encounter different.
	THEFT
	DANGER
	AGGRESSOR
	FLIRT
	
Stage 2: Power Level, Depending On How You Met Him
	Thief - openly talks about committing crimes and makes ms. kitty part of it. Asks for things, steals.
	
	Dangerous - gets ms. kitty to come on more dangerous sprees. 
	ms. kitty is away more.
	
	aggressor - blackmails ms. kitty, can drive her to sell things.
	
	flirt - admits his desire to find a true angel, but perceives behaviors in a twisted manner. Encourages ms. kitty to become devious.
	
	Default, no early encounter: 
	he's with an angel, presumably in love
	if he meets an angel after meeting ms. kitty he will blackmail people
	if ms. kitty is an angle he'll blackmail her.

Power Gathering
	It depends on how much success he had really. The more ms. kitty is predisposed and blackmailed to help him.
	
Stage 3: Fiend: Angel of Purity
	He's an angel, and loses any sense of remorse he might have shown before.  He cuts ties and tries to take the angel to upper shather where they'll be secluded.
	
--- PASSION, GAME
Stage 1: Level Foundation, He's Spending Time Outside
Stage 2: Expression
	level 0: was attacked by a bunny. He's easily scared off by bunneh in the middle of a game.
	level 1: tries to get ms. kitty to work hard playing games.
	level 2: gets bunneh on his side. works towards earning trust.
	level 3: very physical and full of energy. Amazing confidence.
	
	Often discusses heated topics and loses a sense of time.
	
Power Gathering
	plays games, attempts to get further before ms. Kitty quits.
	
Stage 3: Fiend: Game
	Complicates the game. Ms. kitty leaves on a mission she thinks will be fun.