BASIC THOUGHT - BUNNY

PART 1
Goal: Gain bunny's trust.

A screen named pet.init

You can try to touch the bell, and get body blocked.
You can add colored food to his tray.

Shutters "change the level"

Bunneh asks to watch you on the first scene.

Success: next part
Fail: next part, but ...
PART 2

Bunneh recounts when you tried to fool him, or touch his bell.  Enter mind zone - 3D version.

There's a brown arrow with a bell.

The place is pretty bare, except for the block towers in the distance.

The brown arrow follows you within an area, and if you press nothing after leaving a "start ring" it points you back to the starting area.

B.A. can say a few things indicating it's the bunny.

You can go look around and unlock bombs, a hand, and carrots.

Bunny responds differently to each thing.

1 It shows a heart if you're the hand
2 It comes right up to you if you're carrots and leads you to the mouth
3 It goes to the safe area if you're bombs and says "this doesn't have to be like this."  You can bomb safe area or heart.

Three outcomes. 
Similar result this time.

You wake bunneh and
	1 heart is white, an arrow comes out momentarily with a hand. 
	2 pink heart, he eats immediately to make it white.
	3 one brown arrow, you can tell him to eat

You're told to press space once.
Next time you zone in 2D the basic features are visible. Bunneh's arrow doesn't want you touching his memory or decisions and only moves to block you from them.

1,2 You can't get in normally.

3 If you bombed bunneh earlier his memory is blank and his decisions include "bomb."  He's a round rabbit icon and it's easy to push him away.

1,2
Entering the tutorial
IF you did things the friendly way, the easy way, he'll lead you on a menu screen tour.

Icons, Dialogues, whatever else is there in his mind.

Entering the 3D area. You get informed that the place needs to be improved, some people keep a mind palace so they can find what they want, but he's only kept a log.

He shows you where the bomb is and now it'll be smaller. 

There's a gateway that leads outside the mind from the 3D plane.

Ok you can look at the log. It doesn't record any of this happening.

He knows Jerri "Big Bunny" already and loves her, and he loves sweet carrots, and loves being pet on the nose, and eating uh touching furniture.  Sometimes wanting to destroy things if Big Bunny's mad.  He's not great at jumping.

PART 3
You leave and exit the cage by following some basic 3D motions.

What if Pet? Bunneh's at his greatest.  He goes straight to the spot you pick.

What if Carrot? Bunneh is easily controlled by food bana, when he wants hearts he thinks of food, and you drop food icons to lure him around.

What if Bomb? If you used the bomb, there's not much left to it. Bunneh loses zone. It skips over this first room, and Bunneh's memory is a mess making life different, or "easy" depending on how you see it. He's got no pre bomb knowledge, and his first great thought is not informative but you get the ability to enter the zone again there.

FINAL "MAYBE"
If you or bunneh goes through the gateway you're visible in the zone for a few seconds, giving away one last frigging clue.