FIRST IMPRESSIONS
From district three, you'll feel like you walked into a coloring book.  This district is full of many obliquely designed plants and new undeveloped animals creating a tapestry of delicious colors and diversity. 

The animals and vegetation are usually safe, but sometimes more intelligent than expected.  The ground is a mix of strange colors, burning oceans, freezing deserts, odd skies, brightly lit clouds, and glowing caverns. Greens that are tantalizing to the eye, yellows as delicious as a banana peel. An aroma of sweet chocolate and melons wafts from the dirt and from the ponds.

The sky is cloudy, purple and red mixes. A few dark apertures cut swathes towards the district above. It rarely ever rains.


POPULATION and LIVABILITY
This is a less popular district. It contains an extreme mix of interesting species, but it lacks cohesion. The discord is an acquired taste, outsiders could have quite a fright.

If you're a human or an animal, you may prefer One more than Four. If you're an oddity, a morphed humanoid or animal then this is your origin and welcome chaos.

WILDLIFE
There are some familiar critters here and there. There are evolutions mixing plant and animal. Evolutions exhibiting surprising displays of beauty. There are even some of the most volatile breeds of intelligent animals, sometimes they can be belligerent.

Most life here is omnivorous, and evolution prefers those who don't require meat to survive because the little guys are so darn cute.

NATURAL RESOURCES
Lots and lots of color, with special properties. There are plants with magical benefits to the land around it, constant innovations in technology and herbalism arise.

The resources change seasonally, never the same. For this reason, those obsessed with gathering such resources have a never ending hobby.  The seasons themselves take on a whole different meaning from natural cycles.

TOURISM
The magic and eerie beauty is immeasurable.  There is an inherent danger to long stays lacking a guide, and unusual benefits for the body and mind.

Coping in such a place can be challenging. Your body can be altered by the strange land, it's not something everyone would risk.


RESEARCH
The plants that come from the soil mutate erratically over generations.

Observing a new bloom during spring is the closest to danger one can be in all of Shather City upper. The plants fight it out, every last one trying to gain dominance, only a few compatible species in the brief hellscape remain. The intelligent species always have their way of survival, but the rest vanish never to really exist.

In summer the hardiest new life emerges.  Fall causes the sweetest fruits to form. Winter brings out the largest beasts foraging until they are all that remains of danger.

There's very little to redeem this land once you experience the full cycle.