

What my purpose is

I have no purpose.

I hate everything. I want everything and everyone to go away. I can be at peace alone by myself.

What is my role in this game?

I am a pawn. I am a slave to will of an ancient power. She will take all my experiences, and leave me with nothing. I am nothing to her.

I don't know what I ever saw in her. She's been lying to me this whole time.

Sex journal: see "sex talk " n".txt"

Fitness level

I've been tortured and drugged. My body is a wasted dry rag. I can't wake up in the morning. When I eat my belly swells painfully. My skin itches. I can't sit still for five minutes.

I think I hate myself most of all.

I can't go more than a few hours without getting an itch. I need to ejaculate. I'll masturabate for hours to ejaculate. I hate my life.

--

(Illmuire's input)

Besides the initial self-assessment

This nightmare of a man can be inspired to perform the duty of an incubus. He's just a little infusion of angel's essence away.

This deviant will be possessed by three vampiric demons that [she] freed. She has absorbed the kinks of the master, and the kinks of the three, but is able to suppress them. He will not suppress.

This brute will transform between a man, a horse, and a goliath.

His phalli are singular, or possessed by dual cock-demons Zeth and ours.

Much of this is by our whim. In due time it will come naturally.

--

(Demons)

There are three demons with a similar nature that have aligned to each power

the demon booned by blood god 'Zeth' likes to dominate, bite, and injure while having intercourse...

"The women demons finish have some issues."


#vampire of brute and blood
the blood god demon likes to dominate, bite, and injure while having intercourse. His totem recovers all wounds and enhances physical strength...

#vampire of sex and magic
orgasmic forces... Physically molests people the way you might want to imagine the rest would

#vampire of control and mind 
mindflaying is definitely in the cards for the lust empowered vampire but they use the tail more as a strike to the weakpoints


--

(stuff I shouldn't know)

No singular demon meets the criteria to imitate an illithid. But they're all pretty fucking scary and disdain for suffering, and liking that they hate it, is up there in the sadism.

the guardian worms resemble neothilid, a DnD mindflayer's nightmarish overgrown tadpole of a force of nature

# # Playing as Me

The player is going to invest in this character, play as them, and then try to get out of a hole.
instead of what happened, focus on developing the character.

"me"
what my status is
describe what I can do
conflict challenges obstacles
climb out of a hole
what's the impact of getting out of the hole?

now... the player's story begins
fall into another hole

#######

Does this compare to the 4-step story structure. hang on (it does)

1 story
star - situation, task, action, results

2 stories
status, description, conflict, climb, results


2 stories

who am I, what I've done, what I can do, what I want to become

intro, plot, the conflict, resolution