
Hello. We're the goddess Illmuire.

We are a mediator of what is real and material in the world and we do as we like without punity. We wish for and receive from others their beauty, guile, and passion. We are given all we want, all desire is within us.

We are with the hero of this story right now. She is... No. Um.

You can think of her as a [i]he[/i] for now, just for a little while. When that gated measure has been lifted he'll understand.

Before we started, we could sense a deception. What was he hiding?

He will be brought into the fold as a new champion during this retelling of His story. We are in control of destiny itself. We hold the tome filled with the power of mankind's destiny, and it does not lie.

As for our hero, we've taken his perversion and kindled it into an inferno before letting him loose. We'll keep a close eye on him. By the end, he'll be unable to deny us.

The demons stir in him. The Commander of an ancient armada awaits to receive gifts. He will be our gift. He'll be Shay.

The story we will tell eachother to shape his fate is ours to do with as we will.

Being Queen and creator of all around us, we must stay out of sight until the end. Our own wants are not to be trifled with.

The end will be brought swiftly as we desire. We will bring it all to ruin to teach him a lesson. He can't deny us. Not even we deny us.


ALIGNMENTS
Alignments are the glue for understanding supporting characters. Similar to role-play, a sexual alignment will determine how likely a character will behave a certain way, but SHOULD be influenced by external factors and situations. It also has a strong impact on their sexual tastes and sexual combat as follows:

pink strength > green
The pink/reddish alignment has greatest prowess in physical activity. Combat is second nature to them. They achieve strong orgasms through their own vaginal/penile stimulation, which also acts as a turn on.

blue magic > pink
The blue alignment has greatest prowess in temptation (raising curiosity). They usually voyeur and lead others to them. They are sensitive to the touch, orgasm easily, and use their voluptuous assets permissively, anus and breasts are their greatest defense.

green lust > blue
The green alignment has greatest prowess in seduction of lust (lowering inhibition). Forms of intercourse through their lips both on the genitals and in the ears. Instilling unending passion into their victims is their true pleasure, most other activities are exhausting.

black/purple bukkake cum
bukkake, futa, tentacles, vore - and other crazy shit goes down. This is the strongest and the weakest alignment.

About the gods of each alignment: pink is male; blue female; green female; black male

