Sanctimonious Dearth Lil Mare Ruination

By Libpor

[u][size=115]Prologue I, Recreation[/size][/u]

Hello. We're the goddess Illmuire.

We are a mediator of what is real and material in the world. Our say is final. We do as we like without punity. And that's the most important thing to remember.

We wish for and receive from others their beauty, guile, and passion. We are given all we want, all desire is within us.

We are with the hero of this story right now. He's been growing so fast, he's almost complete. He's absolutely wonderful.

He deceived us long ago before he was sent here. We've glimpsed some of his power. In this world we've created, he's certainly capable. He's the most powerful person in the world, besides us. We think that is a good enough reason to take measures.

The story has been cycled through many times now. [i]His[/i] story has barely begun. We are in control of destiny itself. We hold the tome filled with the power of mankind's destiny, and it does not lie. We have created many tomes since the beginning, ever changing.

[i]Illmuire smiles.[/i]

There you are. Nightmare.

His inferno of perversion we've kindled has become as bright as a star fallen to the surface. He's so capable now. Watch, listen, and learn. The beautiful music he plays for us soothes our core. Wonderful, wicked man.

The demons in him rise to the surface, he partakes in their experience, unable to resist. The leaders of ancient armadas will receive all their gifts. He will be our gift to them. He'll be a Nightmare they cannot forget for as long as our combined reality persists.

Those who exist as part of my whims are easily taken, removed, rewritten, like inking a piece of clay and reshaping it until they no longer serve any purpose; Then we toss them away. They weren't real to begin with, after all.

It is just as the story we will tell. Just like this story. This realm we command. Shaping his fate, and the fate of all condensed matter is ours to do with as we will, that is our power.

Being Queen and creator of all around us, we must stay out of sight until the end. Our own wants are not to be trifled with... sigh. It could be soon. This is not our first. When we're finished, we take what we need. We let the rest go into the world. The end.

The end will be brought swiftly as we desire. We will bring it all to ruin to teach him a lesson, should it come to that. He can't deny us. Not even we deny us.

He's being born anew now. What does he think of his new life?

*****
[hr]

[i]Sanctimonious Dearth Lil Mare Ruination[/i]

Hentai Foundry Version

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]Prologue II, Nero[/size][/u]

[i]I'm Nero.[/i] My mantra. "It ends here."

I'll be Nero Hoyome if that's who I'm supposed to be.

It ends here.

If I ask, people tell me their names. I think, [i]That's nice.[/i] Once I know their name, I own them. It's not really their choice anymore. It ends here. 

If you were to ask me my greatest flaw, it's that I care so much. I try too hard to make people like me.

Uncle Fredrick the bear was a fucking skinny shit. Fuck my life. My nutsack of a great great uncle was a fat shit. What was the point? One vanished in a loony bin calling himself a Chat. The other's a privileged white coomer with a foxy little freak pet he's remarried, he never even visits my grandmother's gravestone. What a great fuckalot the Hoyome's were. Bunch of cuntlicking donothings with crap for brains.

I think my life is fine. The bitches and riches. The hoes keep me from the po pos. I fuck and brag but the haters gonna hate I'm like the jackrabbit of Japan you got that? I'm The Tokyo King I take on every cat I meet and put her down wet she thinks I'll marry her, probably. She'll never see me unless she's been away for a week, the bitches in heat are strays you gotta put them on your line and give a little tug to keep them on it.

Show a little bling, flash a big smile, the stupid gold digging sluts can't get enough. I want to fuck them. I fuck them. Then I meet them. What they really look like. She's not pretty enough, in the poon, damaged goods, in the head, or her teeth stick out like serrated knife edges, shit you're not even human. Ugly bitch. It ends here.

Dudes ask me why I'm so good looking. Look. I'm not going to tell you anything that's not true. Don't get fat.

I don't really need to get muscular. That's for show. Stamina, endurance, is almost entire core strength. If you've got it, you've go it. I look like a cat, some people say, I have such a great tan, other people say. They like me because of my looks. What can they offer me?

You just have to think positively. You can have anything you want if you just take it.

People get in my way. Whatever. Someone talks shit, I sit on the sideline, there's no reason to judge. Chances are I'll never see them again. If I post them on social media, a few million views will settle their reputation here and now.

Some people have never left my side, no matter how many times I've ruined their lives. Those are the people I truly believe in.

I met this woman. She's like a pornstar. She'll try whatever I want.

I tell her how much I love her. I send her a little wink now and then, like hey babe I'm thinking about you.

She's stood in the rain, in the snow, I've left her on the beach in a storm with the tide rising. She was there when I came back. You can't even train a dog to be this loyal. There is no breed of dog that could survive the pounding I've given her.

I am magic. I am invincible. In the blink of an eye I can end you. She's my punching bag.

When I want something, she gets it for me. When I say something, she remembers. She'll fuck anybody for money, for backroom VIP passes, she can get me anything. It's impressive what a hoe this woman is.

Where'd she learn all the tricks? I never even saw some of this shit before she suggested it.

I've tooled around places I don't belong. The cops give me a slap on the wrist. It's like I own this place, that's why I'm The King of Tokyo.

Your wife's hot. You are one lucky guy. Check her out. Yeah I'm talking about the little princess. You want a piece of this action? Easy. It's easy. It's more than a fair trade. I impregnate this bitch, my girl's on hormone blockers. Bang-bang boom, the baby is mine, get the fuck out of here. In a minute. He'll cum in a minute.

Revenge isn't real. I tape my girl sucking cock and upload it for an explosive viewer count on all kinds of websites. Then I take the video down. "Where'd the video go?" They don't know. They try reuploading it... I tape my girl complaining, that sucka gone die. He's sidewalk chalk. He's a statistic. Muthfucka ass is in my inbox begging. I give it to her. She be all, "I don't know. What do you want to do?" I send a text, I email, "How big is your dick? What does it look like." Maybe he'll be worth something.

I'm Nero Hoyome. I'm the voice of god.

(He forgets.)

Whatever. It ends here.

The piece of ass next to me is so fucking hot. There's nothing on Instagram I like seeing right now, might as well stick something in her. The feel of this woman's body is like a cool gel pad taken from a freezer on a hot day, and a warm sack of blubber cooked on a skillet on a cold day.

Hey. What's she thinking of? She sleeping?

I'll be Nero. The people are fake. This is the genuine article, baby.

*****
[hr]

[i]Sanctimonious Dearth Lil Mare Ruination[/i]

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]Prologue III, Muus[/size][/u]

Nero. What a wonderful person you are. You're almost capable on your own, we see so much potential in you.

(This is Illmuire the same.)

We'll be a second narrator of this story when it's his turn (speaking like this, to the audience).

We gift Nero our princess, our greatest champion. You owe a great debt. Your burden grows for every gift bestowed. She will guide you.

You'll repay us, in spirit, in time.

There is a place that exists. One of desire and virility. A splendor filled with wonder. An effervescent tranquility. In it is magical beauty and danger. Titillating and fornicating is a timeless dance.

This is the bedrock of our world.

This is the continuation of an adventure for a hero intertwined with a cyclical destiny, a fountain of youth and desire. An endless paradise.

He has made such lovely work, we have watched his exploits. He's almost a miracle worker.

He's lost, long ago. He's given into pride, vanity, wrath, and toiled in lust. He's smitten by greed, he'll steal the hearts, he'll destroy the body, a woman will be released from this mortal coil were she unwise enough to fall prey. He's become quite good at it.

(He is magic. Pure, condensed magic. We're so happy to have made him.)

He's grown clever, he's learned to partake the gifts, he's made due with all he's given. His desires are a bottomless well which we may pour essence.

He will embrace us all when that time comes. We wish to grant our depravity unto him soon, so much sooner than we should.

He is the greatest hero that ever existed, and he doesn't even know it. He [forgets]. He's become the chosen one. And more.

He's calm, relaxed, collected at every twist and turn. The sanctimony he depressed among the wives and heirloom toys, our hegemonic crones, and our devilish bestowals has finally ended. He will accept. He will flow like water, were we to drop a pebble in it, he gives us what we want.

It's almost enough.

He has given into desire. Will he embrace ruin?

(Oh yes.)

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]Part 1, Instigation[/size][/u]

Nero believes he's in Japan. He was granted citizenship and worshiped like a King.

We begin in a vast outdoor mall complex in Tokyo, Japan. We'll be going to other places.

Oh. And...

Nero Hoyome doesn't know he's not supposed to be here. He's been pampered quite a lot, groomed to perform these vile acts of escalating debauchery. It was us, we guided those around him to ensure this would be his fate. He thought he did it, it was us.

He's walking with a woman of incredible breeding. Compared to her refinement and endowment he looks like a young boy with the build of a Greek god at about five feet four inches tall.

He [i]really[/i] doesn't belong there. Neither does she, but she's so stacked it's forgivable. Next to the resident short-stacks they're both quite tall, like gods walking among the brave ones staring up at them.

...

We should not dwindle on their thoughts. We made them, they can only be so perverse. Were you expecting something?

This is our story. It is a mirror of reality, a realm, layers filled with little toys for us to mend and break at will. It is no more finished than freshly rolled dough, ready to be cut and baked.

(The story is ours, and [i]mine[/i], and His, and [i]His[/i], and the hero's. And [b]His[/b], and [i]Hers[/i], and Ours.)

There is one more. A person of little importance in the real world.

Our mind wanders about seeking him as this goes on. It cannot finish until we're certain it is [i]him[/i]. We've never met. The borrowed image of a man, monster, animal, god, demon, devil, or angel, it is not decided.

When the hero finishes the journey. Whatever power we bestow here will be multiplied.

In order to complete this journey... hmm hmm. By the end of this journey, oh. It makes us feel so willing to commit! For a greater power to be born, we bear ourselves to [i]him[/i] so he may partake! Our contract with [i]Him[/i] not broken. Oho! No trickery, no, we have to follow the rules for miracles.

In order to give to one, we must give so much more to another, or there is no balance. No risk. In the material world the price of a miracle... is a chain reaction. All power works with something that is consistent. This man, this unknown winner, gets what we'll take from the loser.

We also determine what we'll grant the unknown [i]winner[/i].

The winner will be given a vision, rather large and grandiose.

The winner will be given power to wield of his own, another generous gift, one we cannot be owed for. It's a minor thing. We have difficulty understanding what it is before it's been made whole.

The winner will be bequeathed a miracle, something that will resonate with [i]him[/i], and those around. It's such a trivial sacrifice that will barely be noticed in the eons to come.

We'll birth a star in the cosmos, yes, a single star. It will alter the destiny of galaxies and neighboring stars. Something so meaningless that will effect reality for an eternity to come. We have no idea what it will accomplish. This is a massive boon for the universe extending the lifeline until its fated... who knows what. There are those who'd enjoy looking at it. So far away. Untouchable.

Finally we'll be cursed with a destiny. Him and Us alike. For granting so much we've earned the right to choose a fate we don't grow weary of. Sex. Serendipity. He'll find us as a frail human. We'll enjoy it. It's impossible not to. He won't last long.

Whether he like it or not we'll get our way. At the end of his journey we'll settle the score. The longer the journey, the more powerful he'll be.

He'll be very much like the hero [i]was[/i] idealized. We borrowed. We have few options. We can run for a price.

If we run he can grow powerful enough to leave a scar on our spirit. He can grow powerful enough to break destiny, an emergence. At that time there is no natural enemy in this reality. He can grow to the power of ancients his kind worship like gods for millennia.

That's not our way. The option we choose, we'll find [i]him[/i] as soon as we can to settle it, as soon as we can.

[i]Deep masculine voice, Goddamn this just keeps getting worse! Let me screw this little bitch! I don't want you taking such senseless risks, mother. What is so special about her. It's easier to eliminate, forget, and move on. It's more satisfying to dominate, impregnate, and consume her. Why? Why bother, because of[/i] [b]Him[/b]?

*****
[hr]

It ends here.

[i]I'm Nero. It ends here.[/i]

My god. The woman with me. I love her. How many children has she born for me? Even so, her body is unquestionably the most beautiful. She's slim and thick in all the right places.

It's been ages since I spoke to her by name what was it again? I can't seem to remember. What is the point? It ends here.

I am grabbing the crack of her ass underneath her panties. It's so smooth and soft. I grope her tits. I put a hand to her lips, I've woken her. My lips quirk a little smile not to look too eager. She's used to how I do this.

She's taller so I pull her close sealing our lips together. I run my tongue in, hers joins. We're in a public market. Maybe this isn't the right place. Let the little kids squirm holding their legs together.

We reach a stall selling a garden of flowers. I ask, "Was this why we're here? You want flowers?" She smiles and chooses several. We end up waiting for the sales woman. I have to stand around watching for several minutes so I move out closer to the street.

I bump into a few people who bow. However, when it's a woman, I make full contact an inch away from kissing her to see her reaction. The young girls in their teens giggle and shy away. They're fully blossomed quite capable of recognizing my advances. I give them a smile.

"You can join me and my girlfriend. Who are your friends with you?" I ask.

The full adults, perverse, I treat them the same. They're short and cute, only sometimes they're too wiry for my taste. I touch a few who have the exact same sex appeal as the teenagers.

"Join my girl and me, we like young asian women, like you."

Surprised I don't act Japanese. They look at my face and think [i]foreigner?[/i]. They don't look too concerned until they stare at the massive Barbie doll behind me ordering flowers. They hold up their shoulders and bow shaking their heads like they've seen a bear.

I put my hand on their head and lean forward pretending to bow to them. But I come close enough to whisper instead.

"You can join us," I offer. "She's also into older women. I think you'd like it. Give her a try."

They refuse to listen. Most of them anyways. A few stand idly along with me after a half hour has ended.

I tell the goddess, "Can you get three more for these ladies?" She obliges. She plants a kiss on the gardener who immediately waves any fees. "Are you sure you should be playing with her like that?" I ask. I hand the three women a flower each. The goddess knows what's up. She also takes care of business talking to the three women. "Will the gardener be joining, too?" She gives a quizzical wink and furtive little finger movement to suggest it was what she was going for.

The cute girls or adults, maybe, who can tell, follow us. We move out of the crowded place. I want to do a nasty trick. "Come here," I say. I find the closest thing to hide behind, use your imagination, it's someone's front porch, probably belongs to someone working here. We're very poorly hidden but it won't matter. I take the first woman. "You should do one too." My girlfriend takes a second. The third folds her hands and looks anxious she won't get a turn. "Come over here, you." I tell her. She comes close enough, but there's so little room left both her and the goddess are sticking part-way out of the hidden spot. [i]Better do it quick.[/i]

This woman in my left arm I handed her a green-petaled flower with red on the interior, only a little yellow center sticks out. She has a round nose I'd like to suck, her thin eyelids look so delicate it's like her face has been pulled tight, she's wearing fake eyelashes right now. She's about as stereotypical as an Asian girl can be in most regards. Her youth and slightly full cheeks under prominent cheekbones are the only outstanding features. I saw a few much more attractive women I bumped into but if they put up a fight then they wouldn't have gotten into it with me here so readily.

I grab her ass and put my face near hers so she'll open her mouth. Not perfect, her teeth are almost the definition of artificial. The craftsmanship of her replacements is too uniform. I can tell she's had work done. If she'd go that far then...

I start undoing her top. It doesn't matter what she's wearing. She resists almost accidentally, clearly trying to give in, eager to have me explore her body. I pull open her top revealing the craftsmanship there. She has very low body fat. She's had her nipple enhanced, I think, [i]Did you once have a boyfriend or was this something you needed to compare yourself to other women?[/i] I fondle her, it's a fun little bobble of artificially enhanced skin, she reacts like she can feel it well enough. After touching her ass I can confirm she's almost plastic like an action figure. Even so. I grab her head and give her a kiss.

On my right the woman I've barely met is settling in my hand. Like silly putty she starts out stiff and then conforms to my arm around her settling in to watch me mouth-to-mouth with a woman she (probably) doesn't know.

The goddess has hold of one almost pressed into the door. The Asian women in the markets are one of our favorite pastimes. This is a relatively restrained level of force we've put on the small group of women.

I'm closer to the unknown Japanese woman's body than hers from where I'm standing. I finish kissing so I can admire the work she's doing. My dance partner is flustered, hers is already edging to climax. That's some magic finger she has.

She's kissing closer to the woman's neck. Her hand has found its way into the front of the woman's panties. This is all I need to see. I look up past her vacant gaping expession to see the flower is a pale pastel green with a few long red stamen. She tucked it into her short black hair.

I turn my head around to go to work on the final woman, sealing our unspoken deal. My fingers have been touching her mid-back, I lower them. Her ass is naturally soft, but until I see it naked I can't gauge how good it looks. My eyes went down accidentally trying to see through her. I bring them back up, she has a full round face and small yet plump lips. "Hang on," I say. I lift up her shirt. She's a little soft. I grab her waist and feel her back. I turn her around to her discontented murmur, bordering disapproval. She's kind of thick.

Slapping her side I see her body fat ripple slightly. She's jocular 'choto' something like that. I pull her pants down. This could be worth it. Her legs are very fit. She's not as old as I thought, she doesn't have any wrinkles on her thighs. Again "choto" something I only vaguely understand these things, you know women don't have to make sense. I feel her up. She's finally given up talking. My hand goes up between her legs into her crotch feeling the cushion of her butt cheeks touch my forearm.

[i]There's something that needs taking care of.[/i]

I turn her around to look back at her face. She's hidden the flower in her hair next to her ear. It's a white thing, very plain.

"Do you want to have sex?" I offer. The novelty of her body could be worth it, but I might just give the cum to my goddess instead this time. She bashfully smiles and tries to resist shaking her head. "Hey, babe," I nudge the goddess a little to tell her, "let's go."

We finish walking through the market and get into a carriage. The cute girls who followed us went about their way.

Seated together in a small cabin, I'm back to ogling her as the carriage moves, no less than the three women we just played with. I slip my arm around her waist.

It's like she wants to say something. She's waiting for the right moment. I continue kissing her, pulling her into me. When her thick lips separate it's like she's peeling a sticky bandage off making a wet noise and her tongue clicks from her saliva before she begins. I plant a smooch.

She swallows and grunts. What I expect to be approval. I pull her closer and we continue to make out for an hour. I'm not even sure where we're going.

It doesn't take much to get horny, being in contact with this fantastic body. Her devotion and servitude, her docile nature, her temperament never wanes. Despite all I've seen she's capable of doing. Even while in the heat of a session we're having now, she's undoubtedly feeling the lust to jump my bones. She attests to this. She expresses it with repeated grunts, warbling moans while we kiss, her nipples stick out hard through the bra expanding past the cloth of her shirt. I can feel her back muscles contract like the beat of a heart, her sides occasionally spasm, she's unable to resist. She's climaxing, somehow, she's completely breedable all year round. I'm not sure if she even has a period. She'll take my spurt of love on a moment's notice, no woman could match her, she's become pregnant. She shows after four months, give birth in nine, like you'd expect. She's definitely human, and yet she's more.

I'll tease, taking my tongue out of her mouth, I ask, "Do you think you want to do it? Reach in and touch it." I already have an erection. "Suck it," I tell her. I know she'll do it.

She looks very pleased.

Her hair's been styled to a smooth imitation of a Japanese woman's natural hair, flattened out and black with just a few choice waves. Her rosy lips and fair skin, despite being outdoors, she looks like a pale housewife untouched by the sun for years. Her hips are strikingly deep-set starting at her waistline. Her muscles are hidden under two inches of ass fat that makes her appear like a water balloon. She spreads out at the bottom while sitting and it bubbles up. Her tits cover her armpits, they stick out far away from her rib-cage like big fuckable balloons. Under her shirt, if she took off the bra hiding them her tits are like candied strips of peanut brittle wrapped in tin foil and ribbons waiting for me to tug at them getting to business.

Her hand slips around the foreskin of my cock before she lets out a shriek of surprise. I hold her hand there. My stiffening prick good enough to penetrate her. She's surprised alright. I slip my hand under her bra feeling the trail of bumpy pebbles until my finger slips around her tent pole of a succulent nipple.

She breathes almost a sigh and catches it in her throat. I go rougher. She squeaks and squirms while I fiddle her knobs. I pull her like I'll kiss. Kiss? No. I pull her shirt and bra aside and suck.

She jerks me off until there's an unmistakable feeling. I've had enough, this should be happening inside her.

I demand, "Get on."

She gets up and sits in my lap. She stands and lowers her panties. There it is, maximum amazement, her cunt takes me in before I finish a light dry orgasm while admiring every last inch of her taint. Her ass sits in view while she squeezes me. I could be getting squeezed like a tube of paste and not even tell the difference, that's just how good the foreplay is.

"Your family's dead," she tells me.

Timing is all wrong. I'm about to nut. Wait for it...

She moves letting me come close to climax and stops. Just how I like it.

"Your family..." she says.

"I heard you the first time. Do you have any idea how difficult this is for me? Don't stop, end it. Make me cum."

She gives up and fucks me sitting. I see her amaxing anus stick out while my cock pushes her insides up. There's a little poot at the sound of her quim pressing around the shaft. Shit, after a couple of hours this is far too good feeling. It's only so perfect with her. On a normal session without her, screwing some fantastic new hot piece of putang I'd have to abstain for two or three days! This! IS LIKE! SHIIITT!

"Fuuuuuuuuu-uu-u-uk!" I climax. Wham wham. My hips thrust on their own. Wham. "Destroy this cunt!" I grab her shoving it in, holding it, this fucker's gonna [i]blow![/i] "Uuuuwwa." Oh. It's so good. I can't believe how goddamn beautiful her pussy felt each time it comes back to me. The memory is fleeting. I need this again.

She's remained still to let me control, I guess she's concerned about the angle of her seat. I spank her ass. She takes that as the signal to start moving again milking me inside her. I tell her, "You're too good to me." Her cock-massager for female genitalia is incredible. She's built up years of talent between her legs. I put my finger to her upper lips. "What was that just now?" She opens her mouth to suck the tip. "No. I mean. What you said."

"Are you playing?" I ask. "You're trying to have a sad fuck moment. That's what you wanted. Listen. I love you."

She turns her side to me so I see her eye. She shakes her head.

"Look out!" I grab her sides and tickle the shit out of her. She giggles, into a tizzy. [i]Ok, what the heck.[/i] I try motorboating while I'm at it ending up in her armpit.

I want something else.

"No game? It's real? How do you know they're..." I ask. She doesn't answer.

I try calming down I see we're closing in on the destination. I sigh relief. Still in a coital bliss her inner folds can fondle my nearly flaccid pecker to  a chub. Chup chup Schoop.

"Uuh. Yeah right there."

We go through a gate and travel down the long driveway. After a while I see the building.

So this is our next stop. I feel so horny already. I suggest, "We need to stop so I can walk straight. Give me a few minutes before getting out so the driver's not wondering why I'm sitting in back alone, ok?"

--

The taxi slows to a stop and... after ten minutes without touching, the passengers get out. There are busses in a parking lot. Don't ask me what color they are.

I don't know why I expected more of a reception at a school building. It's the middle of the early day on a sunny cloudless morning. The preteens could be attending class. We're actually going into a high school but you never know what you'll run into here.

"You know. I didn't think this would be how I ended up going back to school."

We go in through the front walking down the isles. There are many classrooms. A woman wearing a funny suit comes up to us.

It ends here.

"Excuse me," she says. "This isn't the right time to be visiting someone in class."

Well, this isn't really what we're here for. "We're looking for the library," I tell her. "Can you tell us where it is?" She nods in response. We go inside the small library.

"I'll be waiting right here," says the female officer, standing at the entrance.

That's cute. She's like a little kid, now that I look at her. It gives me ideas.

"How about you come in here?" I ask. "You can help us." I grab the goddess's ass. The woman sees it, she has to. Her head is at the same level as the place I'm touching, but she doesn't say a thing.

She seems to consider something. "Are you returning a student's book? Or are you..." She looks confused, then submits by nodding and walking in ahead of us. Something happened changing her mood.

She walks in front of us and I get a good look at her. She's attractive, actually. Almost a perfect hourglass figure from behind.

A little deeper into the library, we're not alone. There are other women there. A librarian off duty? I'm not sure. There are a few other police here already. We walk through a door into what I thought would be a closet, but it opens up into another room with a second floor filled with rows of literature.

So, this is the actual library. The place we just went past is for returns.

There are a few people here. This could be complicated.

Even so. I look around.

There's something strange about the atmosphere. There's something familiar about it.

[What if this is real?] I think. [i]What if I'm being tested right up until now? What if I have passed? What if...[/i]

The officer tells me, asking, "Are you here for? Umm." She's distracted.

The goddess offers, "Over there. Things can get started."

I'm feeling a little anxious. What was I supposed to be doing here? I end up following, with the policewoman. There was a huge buildup. Were we looking for students to prey on, that's what we usually do. Students, nature's prostitute.

The goddess takes me around a corner, there's a spot to read silently alone. The mood lighting. It's uncanny. It's a little too dark for me.

It ends here.

She takes off her clothes enough my blood boils. It's unmistakable, her voyeurism, we weren't here to find teenage girls. She just wanted to have sex with me in a public library. With a police officer watching. Huh. That's not normal.

She strip teases sliding her top down. She turns around slowly letting me see. She takes it off and repeats. She comes closer letting me see between her breasts. Quite the experience.

A stunned girl short enough to be a student wearing a police uniform is helped into a chair. The goddess does a lap dance for her. She really presses her rear in. Her tits are filled with a cute girl's face.

I whisper in library volume, "Hey are you here to pleasure me or her?"

(The princess is enjoying herself but things could move along sooner.)

Illmuire smiles.

(This place in its entirety is ours to remake.)

The police woman stands up and handcuffs the goddess. Rough. She's rough. She bends my woman over the chair clasping the iron to her. A tiny hand spanks pressing hard into the soft fleshy bottom.

"What am I looking at?" I ask.

I am not sure what to say. The middle school sized cop is having a power trip.

The officer looks to me smirking with a slightly pinkish lip gloss, "Watch and learn." I get excited, her eyes, I can't get over how fucking hot she looked. She takes out her Billy club and prods the generous assets of the fine woman. Oh so fine.

She stops at the goddess's hips smacking them gently. I enjoy watching her grope and spank my woman. She uses the blunt instrument to pry at her legs. She slips it between panties [i]I almost stand up[/i]. "Settle down, sir. I haven't given you a reason to be mad, yet, sit there and enjoy." She's reassuring enough.

[i]Wait. How'd her personality change so much?[/i]

She plays with the hard plastic along the large voluptuous petals below the thong, then she yanks the underwear down. Some part of me is standing.

Now her object of molestation is used to slap at the vulva. Wet slaps. Visible stuff gets on it.

In a minute, the goddess is dripping. She's managing to stay very quiet, otherwise I believe she'd be screaming out loud how good she feels, for encouragement.

The officer as well, she's wet. She does a flick and changes the angle wiping the wet girlcum up splashing onto a tucked butt.

"Spread," she commands, then the goddess does, and all illusion of modesty flies out the window. Her ass is, her, I can't think. [i]Her buttcrack has risen. There's... that's how she'll...[/i]

The cop takes a position, sighs, [i]because she looks like she wants it so bad[/i], then she aims with the flat of the club. [i]I feel it coming.[/i] She quickly slaps the anus. Making it bababoiiing bipbip squeeze! Nothing but air. Her ass relaxes.

I think I came in my pants. I can't concentrate on anything. I almost fall asleep.

It takes a few minutes. When I look up the police officer is kneeling with her face planted licking my goddess's cunt. They're both naked on the bottom. There's a trail of wet sticky fluid from the officer's vagina to the pants she took off.

She's very womanly in her figure. She'll do alright.

(When the officer delivered the blow her own climax brought her to her knees. Her girlcum spread inside her panties and spilled out all over. She had to take it out.)

(This party of three is about to take shape.)

*****
[hr]

There's something enchanting about the atmosphere.

The room's lit like a strip club. Although there are overhead lights, many of them are left off.

I try. I don't grasp what I'm searching for. I'm missing something. It's a library, oh no. I don't remember how we got here.

(It was nothing. We made sure everything was perfect.)

There are attractive young women walking past. I can see their faces easily enough I know I like them. Beautiful Asian women, and mixed in there might be some Southern Italian, French, African, or some other darker complexions I can't identify.

The room's lit like a Christmas tree. I'm in the middle of an alley between bookshelves. Sitting next to a table with two women. It's the library. This is all so confusing. I want to stand up but my body resists.

The women walking past are wearing school uniforms. They're much shorter than me but they have breasts, they have full figures with gorgeous hips unfitting of their stature despite resembling dolls, child-like eyes, it's sickeningly sweet. Though there are a few shrimps without those features, they're elongated enough to resemble a fully adult woman. A mix of eclectic youth and grownup symbolism setting my heart racing.

There are those wearing maid uniforms. Bunnygirls. Catgirls. They range from between my height and knee-high. I think, I don't know. I wonder if they're actually cats wearing lingerie. The skin on their bellies show. The shortest ones I can see are slightly unusual. Their waists are too narrow, their bodies are a little less feminine. Their attempt to resemble little anime characters is too accurate, although thankfully they still look human enough.

[i]Was that a cat?[/i]

In my frenzied desire to take it all in immediately I almost missed the naked-assets. Bare-ass women face-to-chair in handcuffs. I must have put them in their place and sat down.

One's wearing pigtails and a bunnysuit. The other's a police woman. They look resigned to their fate as smoking hot fuckbuddies. [i]Don't mind if I do.[/i] I put my hand on the officer to feel her. She breathes loud enough I can hear. She likes it.

There's bare skin around their shoulders. Their necks are exposed because their hair's done up enough.

I like it!

Even so. What is this about? This isn't a library I'm familiar with.

The looks of the female schoolgirls is very authentic. They're hiding much. Their faces are done up mostly. Exotic women, Japanese, Chinese, I suck at telling the difference but damn it they have my eye on them, even with two love puppets ready for me I can't stop staring.

[i]If I were in control, I'd have sex with them. This is a dream.[/i]

Their faces and body shapes as they pass are so enticing. I'm so obsessed about this. Those nose. The nosies on the little girls. So cute. Some are angular like little wedges, shoehorns, a peak, a bump there, an upturned nose, a flat oh god. I reach to grab a girl, she stops. Yes I can touch them. I shove my face into hers to lick her all over. "Ah. Ah. I can't resist. Your face is amazing." I kiss at her. Let me see her body.

She's in a maid suit, thin waist with a little bit of a belly. I ruffle her boobs. This tickles her because I'm touching her armpits. She gets riled up. I come away, she's making a half smile and pointing at the table.

Her eyes look like seashells. Her hair's a crumpled up tangle of neatly placed waves. I grab her butt to hold her to me. I don't let go.

"Flower," she says.

"You can give me your flower. I'll take it!" I accept.

She's reaching for something maybe she's too short.

She tells me, "There, I want that."

"Will you have sex with me?"

"Yes. Yes. Take that. We'll have sex."

I'm feeling under her, feeling her ass. I can't wait for the moment she slips around. I help. Oh there's a flower here on the table. With the stem attached. I pick it up for her. She takes it. She offers a nod and somehow gets away. [i]Come back?[/i] She wanders along with the crowd like she isn't really there anymore. [i]Why are you walking away?[/i]

I go back to mentally selecting the women walking past. [i]I'd do her. I'd do her.[/i]

There are shapely asses as well as wide hips, narrow waistlines. There is a variety of skin tone and ornamentation. Earrings, necklaces, etc. Their intoxicating figures silhouette against the rays of light in this makeshift library. Skinny. Slim. Some my height and my approximate build. And some far more voluptuous. But mostly short, very short.

[i]Seriously, is that a cat?[/i]

Something brushed my leg. Ok... cats in Japan are, or maybe this is China. Korea? Some place, a native Asio-descended group is abound. Hawaii? [i]Kawaii.[/i] The girl I was just holding looked like a Japanese porn actress, but there's such a variety here. Either way I carefully reach down and something small grabs my hand. I lift my hand up and it slips away. It's not a cat, but she was wearing cat paws.

[i]This is surreal.[/i] Everything in this moment. [i]This can't be real.[/i] You have to understand I'm telling myself to stay calm, [i]It's one alley of books in a library full of teasers.[/i] Maybe these are the girls we've (goddess and I) wrangled for the day. Yeah, sure. That must be it. [i]There are too many.[/i]

"Goddess we really outdid ourselves today. God, how are there so many people here?"

I think there's a woman completely undressed out of the corner of my eye.

I turn my head to look.

A school bathing suit. Her arms and legs are visible. Even so, I'm very wary. Where's the goddess right now? I reach, can't find her.

(We point him the right direction.)

On the table in front of me is a bouquet of flowers and a note. I read the note, 'Give these to all the women who attract your eye.' Ok. A little unusual. It must be why we went to the marketplace. Usually I grope them intensely and we leave an invitation.

I easily find women to hand out many flowers too. It's impossible to keep track of. They take one and keep moving. I put one each in both of the naked girls' hairs. Can't really pass them up. I finger their vaginas. Pet. Pet.

I am allowed in. They're happy to accept. I rub at their clit.

Someone touches my crotch. I look down expecting a cat. There's a cat-sized girl alright. A catgirl. A catgirl the size of a cat. She's dressed like a highschool student.

I don't know. I hand her a flower. Somehow I feel like I did something in appropriate but then...

Many more women like her come. Many short women that were hiding behind the ankles of the crowds walking through. Even bunnygirls as short. I start noticing more women dressed up in animal cosplay closer to my height. I am not picky, really, just a few amazing features and I'll hand them one, until, that's all of the flowers.

After seeing so many beautiful women I don't know. Girls as short as house cats. The place empties out. There are two women still here waiting for me and I can't stand up. [i]This is how I know it's a dream. If it were real I'd be up in them.[/i]

The goddess is next to me, she asks, "Did you get all the good ones?" I'm not sure what to say.

"[i]Yes.[/i] Where were you the whole time?"

"It's alright," she says. "We can continue from where we left off. You selected many subconsciously, they've been given a flower, too."

A bit abruptly. I was in a library. Now I'm in [i]the[/i] library.

I must have closed my eyes again to rest.

*****
[hr]

I wake up in a little cramped place in the library. There's a female officer pleasuring my goddess. There's someone else.

I know exactly what I'm doing here.

I stand up taking the officer by the arm. "[i]Sir! Wait![/i] I was..." I help her into my chair. Her arms move too much so I grab her wrists holding them gently to the back of the seat. My stiff prick comes out. It's in. Finally. "Uuuhhg," she moans. It slips in gradually as her pussy twitches.

"Uuw uh!" she moans. I also hear the goddess moan. I'll get it in as deep as I can go. No stopping it. It feels really amazing. The head of my cock fully in her coitus I reflexively move several thrusts before flexing to abate the sensation of her tickling me. I slap her ass.

We do it like this for a little while. I turn left seeing someone. He's approached the goddess. I'm pretty sure that's a grown-up teenage boy. No doubt he had an erection just from considering what was going on.

I warn him, "Wait! Stay back. I don't think you can handle that."

He covers his face getting closer. He must think her body is giving him the arousal. He gets his pants down. I warn, "You fool, you're going to be destroyed." Maybe he's old enough to make it this close, but even a grown man will cry at the sight of her. His penis spills before he gets within a foot of her naked ass.

I knew it. He's going to run away next.

Time to lay down the facts, "Stick it in anyways. She'll let you be as rough as you like." Oh, did I just tell him. "If you want to I mean. Don't do it. Don't put it in. How old are you?" Hang on it's Japan, he's clearly full-grown.

"I want to," he says. That was mild. Like an innocent need to impress.

But he's stepping backwards like the force of his climax is making him unsteady. This is the power she has over men. He gets close enough to touch her. He keeps dumping out cum unable to abate his prostate until finishing every last drop while he urges it in.

It was a nice try though. I tell him, "You'll get her next time." His flaccid penis won't fight. His sympathetic nervous system is putting his lights out. He totters and looks for a place to lie down, ending up in a chair resting his head on a table.

Another boy comes over. "Guess what, princess," I tell her. Then I glance to him.

"We can stop this any time now," she says, "I'm waiting for you. Things will be more interesting at the next... at our private resort." She's still handcuffed. Although she could stand up, she doesn't budge, electing to stick her ass out for my enjoyment. She's still throwing up a flag of invitation for anyone walking by to give her a shot.

I've never heard her so eager to get out of getting gangbanged. I watch this boy fail miserably. He walks away after staining his front pants.

I screw the officer a little faster and then jerk my back as the unmistakable sensation. I need to cum. In. I push slightly. I breathe hard. Her cervix has gotten in my way for the last time. It ends here. I feel like a little boy trying to get three feet away from my goddess. "It's cumming, oh fuck, shit. Aaaaahaaa!" Slap! Slap. My hands and my hips take initiative turning off my brain to help finish mid-orgasm filled with mind-melting pleasure.

She also screams, "Ieeeeee!" I can't actually stick my cock all the way inside her, she's not deep enough! Get out of the way, let me in.

I finally stop. Her butt's glowing red and sweaty. Her rasped breathing and squealing slows down. Her insides slow their contractions.

[i]I started slapping both of her ass cheeks because it hurt so good. I couldn't pull away either. She liked it ok. She wanted it.[/i] She also came, I think.

I didn't think it would look this bad. I pull out slightly. I get a good look at her anus and stick my thumb in it twisting so she'll squeal some more. A few more pumps for my enjoyment of her body. She won't mind if I slap her ass a few more times. Smack.

"No please. Come. No. Yaaaa." She's mixing English and Japanese. I love it when they screw up like that.

"You want more? You sound like it," I ask. What's she going to say? I slap her ass.

"Ieee. N.. nno spanking no come no... English no."

I like her voice. She forgot she's supposed to be in charge? I pull out slowly. She knows I'm pulling out but she continues whining. Pitiable.

Such a fine beautiful officer, completely destroyed. I take a flower and stick it in her hair. A little going away present. Her ass is blossoming pink in morning-dew. I rub at her clit.

"If I see you again," I inform her. "I have bad intentions for you. You can meet us at..." I tell her the location. "Tonight."

Rub rub. "Hai!" She's enjoying it, this is the end if she doesn't come after us. "S'keee" I'm familiar with these words. Cum already. Smack. Cats want to be pet like this huh. Her body shakes, she can't stop a guttural moan and a few telltale signals she's really climaxing.

It ends here.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]!Condoms X Revolution[/size][/u]

We get in a limo for the final stretch of the festivity we had planned, coming up soon. I enjoy watching the goddess in motion climbing in. As usual. There are already three girls I'm well familiar with waiting inside to serve us refreshments.

Attractive women wait on us in the limo. They're dressed as conservatively as possible like official stewardesses in a nearly gray blue. They're wearing crisply starchy hats only large enough to ride the crown of their heads. They have their hair done up tightly so it doesn't get in the way when they turn their head. The hairstyles are are a single bun, two rows in a French braid, and one with a single French braid lifted and tucked back in like a squirrel.

I deliberately touch them to greet them, giving them a hug and fondling their back of their neck. I plant a kiss on each one.

We're here to relax. After eating party-sized sandwiches and drinking a glass of wine, we sit and listen to classical music for about five minutes before I get frisky.

I take the closest stewardess and put a finger in her mouth. I relax playing with her face for the rest of the ride. She might be joining. I don't know. I feel her body all over.

We reach a multi-story condo, I'm calling it a mansion. The mansion looks like it's a pretty remarkable thing to me. Spending time in the city there are many places to look at. We're not here for the view though.

The goddess and I walk up to the mansion entrance. At the door, I knock.

We're greeted by a woman with amazing brown eyes the same height as me. I look her over, she must be a maid we hired. I look at my goddess who shrugs back at me. She doesn't know either. Are we at the right place?

"Come this way," she tells us.

We're met by a more formal maid who bows. This woman's about chest-high.

They're natural with bodies like that. Lithe little minxes with soft features and downy skin, frack-me.

I'm not very tall. Some people mistake me for a genius or a supermodel. I hear them.

(If he ever looks in the mirror he'll be reminded he has the body of a Greek god. A gift. This meekness is merely a delusion.)

"Fuck," I whisper gently. "It ends here."

Why am I here?

We're brought into a backroom parlor lined with rows of books. Oh this must be a library. How quaint. "Didn't we just come come from a library?" I say with amusement to the lady with me.

I start looking around instead. There's quite a lot to see.

Side compartments open. We're standing near the middle of the library and I hear the doors open. This must be the maid service. Plus entertainment.

[Whatever you do. Remember, this is real, probably.] I'm thinking. [i]This could be real.[/i] As the aisles of books fill with women in blue uniforms. [i]There's nothing to worry about.[/i]

"Police," one of them announces very calmly. We're still standing. There are quite a few women wearing a police uniform and hat.

[i]These are not police. There aren't even any men here.[/i]

[i]What...[/i] I don't get to say it. There are about four or five smallish women falling on top of me. Luckily there's a pillow on my back. They search me all over.

A woman feeling me says, "Don't..." sigh, pant. "Don't resist." Sigh. Sigh. Long sigh.

I'm already turned on. Her moaning gets to me. I grab her while the 'searching' continues. I admire her. In her hat is a yellow flower.

[i]A flower. I don't remember giving her one.[/i] I look to the princess who is not paying attention. My erection mounts as I observe her being molested and handcuffed. I make out with this foxy little minx pretending to be police while I take it all in. [i]They have flowers in their caps. And past the front row of 'police,' there's...[/i] Short, shorter, maybe I'm imagining it. There's an array of animal femininity. Some of the women are small enough the flower they're holding is as long as they are tall. [i]Flowers[/i].

I breathe in sharply while kissing. Of course! I break the kiss so we can catch our breath, and I hug another woman close. Red flower. The flower colors don't matter, these are all women I dreamed about. I selected them. I figured it out.

The group clears out, the princess has her handcuffs removed. Although she looked happy to be in them.

We're seated at a table. A woman wearing a special black uniform sits across from us. Intent on pretending she's writing something in a ledger. She ignores us.

"How about we sit over here instead?" I say. I get up and sit away from the table, on a softer seat. The way the place is lit, the woman writing in the ledger is illuminated as though it were an interrogation. Even so, she doesn't budge, continuing to pretend something there is more important that what's going on around us.

I take it all in. I look around. The women are bustling around bringing drinks to tables. It isn't nearly as intimidating as watching them walk past a long aisle wearing mostly identical school uniforms. In their new skimpy outfits I'm more concerned they'll stand in front of me and stare at the erection that was well earned without offering me a drink.

There are maids, currently performing the duties of waitresses, serving the women in blue at the mansion.

The maids are wearing bunnygirl costumes, anime-inspired uniforms, and some other designs. Hot. So pretty. And only half my size.

There are even smaller women. As big as two feet happily lounging about. I'm not really sure, are they entertainment? They can only carry special serving trays like buckets, and then they can't reach the table. They have to put them on the floor and ask the person they're serving to take the drinks.

Now that I'm awake I hold out my hand in front of one of these small women. She stops for me.

"Need something?" she asks.

"Yes," I say. "Let me get a good look at you..." She looks like I zapped her by saying that. She stands dead still looking up at me. "It's ok I just want to look at your face. Come closer." She brushes her hair and walks up to my foot, she puts her hands on my leg. That's it!

"Thank you," I tell her.

Her face, she's incredibly sexy! I chose almost all the women here because of their attractive looks. Almost entirely based on their face.

She turns around and I admire her thick butt. Almost entirely their face. [i]The shape of her body resembles certain anime 3D models in video games, I'm not really sure if there are any real women like that.[/i] Hang on, I was just looking at one. [i]She's so small it'd be impossible to have, have, umm. To.[/i]

Yeah. Recognizing all these things. I'm pumped. My life. Over.

I watch them as best I can, there's some deep creases in the pants of the girls walking around. There are even short girls, dressed as police. I don't know. Did I fall asleep again after watching ZOOTOPIA? I'm seeing police the approximate shape and height of Officer Hops and a few of them have the tail.

[i]Just stay cool,[/i] I tell myself. This isn't going to be any different from one of the orgies I've been a part of before.

My body sends a shock downward from my throat to my groin and my abs pump once or twice before regaining composure.

[i]This is all very different. Why is that girl with deep red lipstick so short. Why is she staring at me? How did she find linen and lace sewn small enough for her without it costing a fortune?[/i]

The girl I spotted comes up to me. She has a green flower with thin petals. She's not nearly as short as the first one I looked at. At about three and a half feet tall, she can reach my knee and lean on it with her arms laid across my upper leg. I reflexively put my hand down so she doesn't touch my blooming tent.

"Hie!" I say a little too strangely.

She calmly says "Hi" in a deep feminine voice. She stays there. Her lips are really pretty. I find my finger touching them. After a moment she opens her mouth like she'll bite and closes her lips on it, the sexual intercourse with her mouth my finger's feeling is a very special thing. She goes in deep so I can feel the back of her throat, before she slips back giving mock fellatio.

"Is that what it's going to be like?" I ask. The notion that they could somehow fit my penis in other places fleeing my mind.

"Mhm," she says. She takes out my finger and licks off excess, then dries it with a cloth napkin she has on her.

I don't know why. I have a terrible memory of strangling a woman that looks like her. I feel guilty even though there's no reason.

I run my finger across her neck quickly making her shiver from the tickle. Cute! She does a deft bow and makes as if to flee so I touch her hair. She nods and smiles bowing again.

"Come on, you were just getting off on my finger. Don't act all shy like that. Can I see your panties off? I need to see that." My suggestion has her breathing a little harder. "Turn around and lift your skirt." She's not wearing a skirt. I touch her leg. She stands still after turning. I pull her underwear down. She's actually got some heavy duty stuff. "Get on my lap, do you think you could fit this in you?" If she doesn't say 'no' then she ought to want a try.

I'm a little big on her I have a hard time putting it in. At least, with a woman in my lap I have some confidence. If I feel like I'm blue balled she can put her lips to work. I'm not letting her go. Her naked ass presses into my stomach. Can her womanly underside take in my needs.

(After living many lifetimes we've convinced him to explore options... with coercion and threats he's done some pretty interesting things during our experiment.)

*****
[hr]

It's pretty common. An every day thing. I get to have sex with all kinds of cute Asian girls. It's nothing.

The tip of my cock is pressing in gently. It feels good enough I don't rush. The woman in my arms gave good suck, she should like it if my finger returns the favor. So I reach down between her legs feeling her belly button. I push a little at a time. I stop paying attention. I look around.

I see the variety. The women from all over the continent are in this place. They're very generously endowed, prime specimen for a total lech to leer at as I fondle the prim maid in lingerie with her husband-finger.

"This is your husband. Do you like him?" I ask.

My left hand finds its way under her top, under her bra. There's a nice little fleshy blob for me to pinch.

Did I just walk into a strip club or what?

Once she's settled down from my shift in locations I ask, "Hey. How are you? What's your name? I'm Nero. You like this right?"

"Yes."

"And. Your name is?"

I'm waiting for the right moment to slip her down. As soon as she tells me, I own her.

"What's your name?"

"Hana."

Shloop.

(He can't see her face. She's zorked, the passage to her throat's open for her to breathe hard in and out, and she's keeping her mouth closed. Her vision is blurry, she's losing focus as her eyes lazily roll to a neutral point relaxing.)

I take a seat and let it sink in before I can think properly again.

I settle down more. The pleasure muddied from all my recent exposure to getting my face smothered in cute women. I fiddle with her underbelly pretty sure that's the spot I've reached up in her. My middle fingers play with her belly button.

I'm deep in thought.

I don't see anyone really doing anything but relaxing. Everyone in the room is staring at the short girls in skimpy nearly-nude sheer outfits, provocative... all but one official looking woman writing in the center.

"Unnhuh," feels so good. I lift up my little toy so gently and let her slip back down to enjoy her fill.

Someone came over, "Here. Drink," it's one of the maids. A bunnygirl, the preferred outfit for southern gals, electronic waifus, and foreign prostitutes moving up in the world.

Her ears look really good. She can't be taller than four feet or four and a half feet. She's a teeny doll, even compared to me. She looks so happy. I see her flower tucked next to her left ear is a pretty basic white petal, green stem.

She hands me a drink.

I take a sip. I ask, "What is this?"

"Liquor," the server declares.

Well alright. I drink some more. I ask her, "What's your name?"

"Wynn Doas."

"Oh that's right. I'm Nero."

I drink a little more. I hand the glass back to her. "Uhhnnnuu." I lift the woman out of my lap. It was feeling pretty good, but you need to pace yourself in these situations. I take the bigger girl, she's got a nice stack on her. "Wynn Doas," I tell her. "You're going to be next, are you happy?"

I take the tray and drop it on the floor. I grab her pulling her into my lap, my prick's already tucked under her butt.

Bazonga! Under the cusp of the serving tray, Bunny-Bunny, fluff-topper, boobs with the cups holding her up like big groping hands.

[i]Gasp.[/i]

I slipped my gaze between her deep-yet-barely-parted upper valley, and I felt like I could slip a part of my anatomy in-between there.

I dart my tongue out imagining licking her. I probably resemble a panting animal.

This is what it's all about. This girl's big enough to enjoy all of what I have to offer, and she's got pretty good assets. I feel her body all over.

She's short but she's got a stack of a rack on her short-stack. Heck yeah I'm putting my hand in there. One boob flops out when I gently displace the hand holding her up on her right. My other hand grabs her butt.

"Sir! We haven't even really started, ehe."

"You're so cute Wynn I'm going to take you right here. Help take this off."

"And," I take a good look at her face. Her face looks pinched and spread out. I think I could guess, but I can't be sure. I can enjoy looking though, "are you Japanese? You look like a really wealthy woman. Such fine features." I immediately let go of her breast and feel her face while she's smiling.

She opens her lips showing her teeth and nods, but doesn't volunteer any more detail. Her face is plump smooth. Her skin across her whole body is smooth and exquisite like she has a fine fuzz hiding her pores. I can't see the pores on her nose even up close to her face as she would let me get. I would swear she is young.

I see, she's currently one of the taller maids. Her figure is divine. There are other things about her, like her skin I'm unable to really identify. In the several years I've been sleeping around Japan, I've never seen skin so soft.

This is an intolerable amount of seduction on a single little woman.

"Hop on my dick." I help spread out her butt. She's peeled her stockings open and moved the suit out of the way. What I see is quite nice, although it's not entirely shaven, the room to slide in from this angle is nicely manicured.

A new breed of woman. A room full of short, short animal-loving pure hotness. There's an urgency to give her the ride of her life and get on with the next. I still have things I want to know about her. There's so much I can already guess. She's one of the women we picked, that makes her less of a street walker and more of a voyeuristic sexually repressed teenager.

She gets on me all the way on, I relax and watch her tail. Is that real?

"Hey is that?" I'm in. My penis already aroused from before, inserting put me over so I have to stop thinking and enjoy. "Yeah...!" It is. "Yeah..." It really is. She does all the work, the crown of my head keeps getting just barely outside of her. Her timing is perfect. "Perfect, just like that, don't stop." I relax as much as possible as the blood circulates rapidly reinforcing my engorging cock.

From time to time, it's unpredictable, the erogenous zone of a man's penis can skip over a full climax and signal the dopamine release. She's hit that miraculous sensation, on the head of the nail, if you will.

"Wynn. Wynn! Oh! Absolutely. Wynn. Uhhh. Uhhhhh!"

[i]Just how experienced is she?[/i] She's starting to slow down and focus on penetrating back inward.

This is happening so fast. I just slept with a cute girl. Now this one has perfect bust to ass proportions?

[Why is Wynn Doas here in this place? If he thinks about it, it won't add up.]

I love this! Everything about her. My penis is trying to reach inside to touch her at the deepest spot.

--- # Do or don't?

(The princess stirs while watching him from outside, at the doorway. She looks to the maid that imprinted on the hero. [i]Will we be friends soon?[/i] she wonders.)

I'm sitting in a chair. I'm scanning the room. I see the slut who tagged along has finally come in.

Despite her mysterious foreknowledge of my family's death, I can't help shake the notion that there's something I like about her. I don't remember why I was mad. Why am I even here?

Since I'm thinking about it, I affirm our height difference. The maids are very short. The goddess is about half a foot taller than I am.

Sitting like this, my eyes rest near her knees. Standing together, face-to-face, staring at eye-level, I'm ready to ram face-first into two torpedoes if it takes my fancy.

I ask her, "Are you going to stand there all day? Sit down." There's no chair near me. I can do her better. "Nah. Girl. Don't sit there. You can stand next to me. I want your gorgeous butt right there."

She comes up next to me as expected without a word. I can smell her. I remember thinking we'd do something earlier, in the taxi, but she told me everyone I knew was dead.

Isn't that right?

"Who are you?" I ask her. I start to look around. Not caring. It ends here.

I want to get out of here. I didn't ask for any of this. I'm looking around and I admire the maids.

They're short. They're so young looking. I swear.

I'm hearing whispering in my ear. It's the goddess giving me a little foreplay. "There's more about the girls," she tells me. "Look carefully. Their ears move, their tails twitch." I couldn't tell originally, but now that she mentioned it. I focus in and see the costumes, the ornaments, there's something about it. It's too real.

I ask, "You're telling me... What are you telling me?"

I'm not seeing it.

She elaborates, "In this world, there are creatures with mixed elements..." She trails off.

I don't understand.

I look back at the crowd. Certain things sure do stick out.

How many of them are police? I'm seeing the police aren't dressed right either. The women at least. Aren't there too many scantily revealing parts of their body?

They wear hats and badges but their bellies are showing. Their tits aren't as big on average as the maids', but they're in good shape with strong legs.

Holy smoke! 

Some are wearing skirts, very short skirts that could ride up on them showing her panties at any moment. That can't be standard.

Looking down, a few women in blue wear garters with tightly creased jean shorts.

A few women wear empty holsters in view. In holsters they are carrying oddly fashioned instrumentation.

A few of them are in underwear, how could I not notice before? The badges are clipped to their panties, and... what, the fabric for some of their jeans is a little strange like it's too shiny. Body paint? So, are they naked? Who are these women?

I hear whispers, [i]"It's a tribal... thing."[/i] Or was I imagining I heard that?

One officer has handcuffs out. There's a bunnygirl conversing with her. There's some suggestive hand movement like it's an argument, it's getting heated.

I just got here.

(He forgets.)

Two girls wearing miniskirts are sticking their bellies at each other about to kiss-fight. Even I can see that's not what's supposed to be happening. We're in a library in my mansion, and this is an investigation.

A man in blue comes up and gropes one ass-cheek of his coworker. I can appreciate seeing her ass held upwards in view (panties) before she turns.

The woman at my side tells me, "You drank more than a little, didn't you? Your instincts are telling you to let go. I can help you. I can tell you're attracted to them. If we wait, something will happen. It'll be intense. Would you like to enjoy it a little more your way?"

I nod and I feel a certain permission about her inquiry. I don't have a reason not to consent to 'a little more enjoyment' of whatever was happening.

I think I should be asking something, but I'm having a hard time thinking at all.

A maid in a risque bunnysuit cosplay with an innocent air about her is the next one to come. She is already excited before even getting close to me.

Her cleavage ends up right under my nose.

It's like that was the cue to suddenly get sexy. Her hands on my legs she's leaning on me.

I can smell her. Her hair is touching my face and she comes close enough her nose touches my chin. I move my arms and fondle her around her under her arm, I feel her soft skin.

She moves away and I can see her thin neck... Her face features are pointed. Her jaw's angular and the crease of her cheekbone close to her nose is there. I see her mouth held closed more deliberately creating some kind of upper-lip tuck. Her hair's dark, in the lighting it looks black.

She's doting on me. Clearly. Why, well, I'm the man of the house of course!

I reach to embrace her maybe she'd be even prettier if I could get her in my arms. She doesn't mind and lets me. Her hair feels shoulder-length behind her. I feel her neck, it feels very thin, her face. She moves her head as I touch her there. My finger runs over her cheekbone and she pulls away when I come close to her eyelid. She pinches her face even more like she's worried I was going to accidentally jab her with my finger. I rest my knuckles under her chin and feel the shape of her jaw, returning to her neck. Her chest touches my wrist, I can tell she has impressive cleavage.

"Hi, can you tell me your name?" I ask. "My name's Nero."

"Bicca Kit," she tells me in an odd voice. "My full name's Bicca Kit Isabella. Call me Kit. You can call me kitten if you like."

A second comes wearing a maid outfit with some fancy hems and crops while I'm playing with the first. This one's also a brunette. She's thin and just a little under my height. Her ass touches my leg under her skirt. What kind of underwear does she have on? I can't tell.

"Is it ok?" I ask. I'm already relaxing my hold to spread my arms around both. The cute maids don't appear to mind and cuddle with me together.

She comes close and sniffs me. There's certainly something about them. I return the gesture, her fragrance wafts to me. I refrain from a certain urge I have. I glance down acknowledging her cleavage. She puts her hand on my leg and rubs it. She, as well? Ok.

"Is it ok if" I try to ask.

*****
[hr]

(It is here, we sense a change. Since we began this process the hero's been docile by this point. Now he's brimming with desire. Wonderful.)

"My name is Nero. Who's this?" The nice quiet atmosphere. She's looking right at me.

"My friends call me Wijad," she tucks her hair looking slightly. [i]Lie.[/i] This must be her stripper name. I didn't consider before.

I say, "Wijad, this is Kitten. Do you like each other?" Girl on girl is the first thing impressed on my mind, let there be no mistaking it.

They communicate silently, they know what they're here for, returning to look at me. Their attention is on my lap.

Both the girls do this rubbing on my legs together. The sensation warms up my loins. They laugh very gently from their chest and I really want to feel their tits while they do. I stare at them, both their pairs of tits. I glance down to check if anything has slipped into view.

I place my hands on the backs of their necks and feel there. I focus on the new brunette. Her hair's tied with a short tuft of hair in back. I move closer to kiss her, this can't be wronger. Oh wait. I release my right hand and they both stop their belly laugh. They see what I'm going for, with my hand like this poised above.

My fingers slip between the crack of the girl's breasts and I am thinking, [i]There's no bra, Wijad, you have no underwear on, she went braless.[/i]

Their hands stop moving. Good, my erection was getting rubbed a bit I was going to have to fight them if they kept going. Speaking of, I slide my palm towards where I believe the maid's areolae are. Not quite having felt enough of her. I tilt my head up to see her face for a reaction, she was too close and our mouths are already touching, fuck it, I smooch her still feeling for her bumpy nipple. Got it, the skin softly yields. I direct my attention to my fingers groping Wijad's delicate little nub, like a small raspberry bumpy and knotted up in anticipation before I got there. [i]You were feeling it before I even got there, dirty mind.[/i] She tilts her head forward messing up the kiss and slips her hand up asking silently for me to stop.

Heck no I'm going back to kiss her. "Don't fight it," I demand. "You want this, just as badly as me." Her head moves away so I take her chin in my left hand. If they'd laugh again while I feel her tits that's be best. "Would you rather kiss Kit? She looks like a fun little rabbit."

Bicca Kit leaves. I stop what I'm doing to reach for her but she's already gone."Hold on, I like you." [i]I'm hanging after saying that. They're not staying? I think she just dissed me. Damn. Damn![/i]

A girl with a an anime-type sailor suit climbs on the empty right seat and she does the same as the ones before.

[i]Sniff.[/i] I get a good look into the valley she put below my face.

Two girls share my lap and fawn over me. I think I've made progress with the girl on my left. [i]I don't know what I'm doing. What the heck am I doing?[/i] I'll do whatever feels right then. try kissing and groping the sailor girl. Her fabric is incredibly soft. I look up at her face and understand her look. We haven't met properly. She has a deep tan, I think. This not a maid's complexion from here.

Interrupted.

A third touches my knees. She can't fit can she?

"You should enjoy them more. Touch them more," suggests the goddess.

More. I could? I certainly want that.

A three-foot tall girl is able to climb right into my lap and curl up leaning against my shoulder. Her costume's amazing, she's a bunnygirl. Her ears rub against my face when I turn my head.

I can barely move and then I realize, from this position, I can see her nipples. I reach up to cup her breast. Then I reach across and hold her armpit so it's like we're cuddling together.

The two girls already on my lap join. It's a big group hug.

I could do more huh? I don't know. Like this? I move my fingers to see if she'll be tickled and move my hand closer to her face. I'm touching her neck.

"What's your name?" I ask as gently as possible in her ear.

She tells me, "Lemlbus." That's not very cute sounding.

"How does Lembus sound?"

"Lem Lem," she corrects in a sleepy voice holding me tighter.

I ask the schoolgirl, "You name? I'm Nero." She's already talking when I finish my name.

"Zafrawin," answer the schoolgirl with dark skin.

I feel a smooth wave of pleasure and the two girls facing me are grinning. [i]Zafrawin and Wijad have mischievious looks. They're doing something to my pants.[/i]

I place my left hand there and confirm their hands are going to work at my privates. They're able to take advantage of me without molestation. Their hands smooth over my crease and they watch me react. What's left is for them to convey how bad they're being on their faces, and they're quite good at this. [i]Wijad your tongue out licking your lips. You don't mean you'll...[/i] Their eyes narrow and they start looking to each other. They've really got me here. I might have to give up. [i]Zafrawin you sat down less than a minute ago, now you're imitating the girl, do you think the same way as me?[/i]

I feel really tired, aroused. I find my hand resting on this very small woman's softness, Lem Lem's butt. My left hand is being held now, near the crease of my penis straining the cloth.

A fairly-sized busty lady comes and I look straight at her. I feel her presence from her size and poise. Her garments are like fancy lingerie instead of the maids I can easily identify. She's shapely and toned. She is very well bronzed (tanning cream?). Basically a model body.

She stands close leaning over the edge of the chair, her cleavage! Oh gosh.

She sits at the edge of the chair on my left squishing the leather arm with a distinct wrapping noise. She's blocking the goddess from my view. She touches me with her right hand and feels up my stomach caressing it.

Is she trying to cop a feel of my dick? Ok.

I push her hand low enough she'll touch it.

She slips off the arm of the chair towards me carefully pressing her generous ass into me and the cushion. The group of women shift more to my right.

Four-on-one. My legs and belly are so warm. My left hand is, oh no, the woman who just sat down, her ass is spread out around it. Well then, I grab something and squeeze it under the model. [i]Squish.[/i] I squeeze my right hand as well feeling my two delicacies in my arms. [i]Swish.[/i] 

The two women shimmy pressing my wrist up into the model's buttcrack. Something in my right hand jumps out and then feels like it expands filling my palm again. [i]Her glute, it's so big on her short body.[/i] The short woman bated her breath as I expected, but her ass is lively and full. I want to play with them more.

The bunnygirl resting on my shoulder untucks her leg and a third object is now touching my cock. "Uuh..." I moan distraught. Her shoe slips off and the pad of her foot feels for me. She knows what she's doing. In that case.

My right hand explores her rear, she stiffens her body and relaxes with a little moan. My finger is under her bunnygirl costume reaching her hip, I grope at the fabric. I change direction and press two fingers aiming for the obvious spot I feel an object at her lower back twitch on my arm. I go under the costume again and she breathes in with a bated squeal. She's a very well developed woman, her ass is a deep enough crevice I can't reach her soft place. Her ass flexes jumping out and slapping back into my wrist again. Her foot, oh no, it's rapidly twitching like a vibrator on my... I abandon the exploration to hold her leg away.

I squeeze my legs at the oncoming sense of unrecognizable feelings my penis has. The women who were there put their hands near their faces and wait to see if I'll calm down.

A new girl comes closer and she seats herself touching my legs. I can't really tell what she looks like.

(There are more maids in lingerie who want to come touch him.)

I'm being overwhelmed. It's like being surrounded by stuffed animals. The girl close to my face is looking up at me resembling a little doll now. Her eyes are too big, too distinct, consuming my thoughts.

The women doting on me wear admiration for me on their sleeves, they smile an open invitation to do [i]anything[/i] with them. This has never happened before.

I'm aroused. It's all a blur.

My whole body aches from the physical activity now. I start to move around.

I need to ask, "Tell me. What are your lovely names?"

The tanned woman says, "Bic Rider."

"Lemlbus, Lem Lem."

"Wijad."

"Zafrawin."

"Wilfkitt, Willow, Hellcat, Belletel,  Strega, Zipjinx, Cruxshaft Ko, Pantry Witch, Flufporren, Kou Kou Bavit."

Their names flood over into my ears. They can't wait to tell me. I... I can't possibly remember.

I need to ask again, "Tell me. Can I really do whatever I want to these women? Or will there be trouble?" My probing question, not addressed to the women on me is retorted by their collective giggling and fidgeting. The quiet atmosphere is broken, I hear sighs, murmuring, gentle laughs.

(The princess smiles out of his view.)

This could be a party. A housewarming. But like this... It's a lap-dance of some kind. A lap-dance with many sharing one.

"Can anyone tell me about what happened?" I ask. I'm trying to come back to reality. My left arm is incredibly hot and getting sweaty being tucked deep inside the luscious woman on my left. [i]Bic Rider. Sounds like... (Dick) suggestive name choice.[/i]

My bestower, the beauty at my side takes my left hand out from underneath the lady wearing lingerie. That's a shame, I almost got my finger into something good there. She's been standing next to me the whole time encouraging me to say or do what I want.

(She shakes her head. He felt the movement a little.)

I'm painfully aware of the uncomfortable erection I have. If it weren't being surrounded by groping hands the tent would be in view of many people here.

I reach to cup the bestower's generous butt. Somehow that helps.

One more incredibly cute cosplay lap bunny with dewy wet lips sits down in the middle of the group while we're like this. She's less than four feet tall.

She managed to force her way past the other girls to get this close.

"Who's this?" I ask her.

"Lelepus Cuniki," she says.

"Hmm, funny name," and difficult to pronounce. "How about I call you bunny, that's your name," I tell her. "How old?" I decide it's time I check.

"Twenty."

I purse my lips quickly. Impressive physique, for an adult. I really want her. Why's she so short? She's a dwarf?

She has curvy lips. Big. Her shiny wet lips are full with a little missing in the middle making a little dip upward (It's called a cleft upper lip). I swear her irises are too big. She has big glossy eyes like several others I've seen. Her pupils are dilated to some extreme. She's too freaking cute. I don't want to let go of her now.

She says, "Can you feel that? He has something hard. Do you have a dangerous weapon hidden?"

Being called out for my erection like that, I look back at her. She is being so casual about it too. She's smiling. Not laughing. "Bunny, you..."

Oh her nose is adorable. Look how it twitches. She spreads out her lips, she's like a lifelike doll with makeup and unusual features.

(Just wait until you see her ass.)

She's serious.

She smiles with her teeth. A little bigger upper teeth. Her eyes narrow when she smiles making her look a little less innocent. It's an obvious joke. She's still serious. "Come on. Pus. Little pus pus."

"Mrow." Says Bicca Kit. We're being listened to, how far is my voice traveling?

(Feel her body. You'll fall in love.)

Bunny has leaned her weight to one leg now and placed her hand right on my dick to feel the crease through the fabric. The joke's too sexy. She's going too far.

She puts her face closer, she'll kiss me at this rate. I close my eyes. I might make a wrong move. No. Why would I think that? I have a half dozen women fawning on me. I reach to play with her face and touch her cheek.

She flicks her tongue out a little and shakes her head slightly. Then she makes a click with her teeth.

I want to say, 'No. I have an erection for you, though.' She's too damn cute!

I open my eyes and I smile at her. She grunts, putting more of her weight on me.

She's pressing her fingers against the tip of my cock. She quietly grunts, puffing air at my face. She opens her mouth in mock ecstasy. She can't be feeling this. My glans register the stimulation as she strokes her index finger up and down its short length in a tentative gesture to imply she's [i]shy[/i]. [i]Coquettish[/i] fits.

A gesture can't be shy and deliberately flirty at the same time. The women here are quite capable.

Her hand slips down feeling my ballsack. Her lips curl and she dips her head down to look. Then she looks up at me. Her shoulders shrug like she felt a shiver. Then she brings her shoulder up all the way to imply a question. Do I like what she's doing?

I answer, "I don't know what's going on. We should get out of here. Let's go somewhere private."

Actually yeah. This is all so strange. I'm in my relative's mansion in a room that's been lit like a strip club. There are police. I should probably sneak out and call for help.

This girl with her face right up next to mine. I've never seen anyone like her. There's no way I'll give up a chance with her. [i]Let's make these other women wish they were as aggressive as you.[/i]

I'm about to shoot off with her fingers curling up along my shaft. Maybe this is the start of something beautiful with a cute maid.

[i]There's this feeling I shouldn't be here.[/i]

Another hand reaches across my lap to fondle the bunnygirl's hand. I see it's the goddess's. With the lady in lingerie's hand among them, that's three hands nearly jerking me off.

"Oh you didn't have to do that," I tell her.

"Yes, I did. You want her, don't you?"

I don't understand. The goddess is interrupting, she better explain.

There's a chill in me when I hear a shuffle of shoes and the men and women in blue have lined up against the wall facing away. What the hell? Are we in a SWAT raid? No. It can't be, they aren't even looking at anything.

A police officer announces, "Suspect may have a concealed item."

She's talking to the wall.

"What's happening?" I ask.

Bunny looks as confused as I feel and her ears! Oh? ([i]"Tails, ears..."[/i]) When she turns her head to look behind her, her ears move. I touch one, it's soft enough to be velvet.

She's facing away from me. Even better, her neck's sticking out to me. The fuzz of her finely trimmed neck hairs past the hairline are right in sight. I put my face closer to sniff and I have the urge once more.

I can't resist. I bite her nape eliciting a squeal.

I want to suck on her ear too. I lower a finger down the length feeling it suddenly turn without me twisting it. It's alive. It's alive and she's mine.

My tongue contacted her short hairs on her neck and I lick. She lets out a really warbly moan like it's still so shocking her whole body is tensing uncontrollably. There's more fuzz there than I thought. She has a tangy taste and I can smell more of her. Her heavy scent from her pheromones. There's some of it sticking around on the skin that touched her. It's... really pleasant feeling, like my face was wet.

I start moving to her ear and decide to stick my tongue out licking all the way up her neck to her earlobe.

I got a little nibble. Perhaps I got a little too much of her. She's made my mouth feel hot from the stuff on her. I want her all.

A little more than this then. My lips can go even further. I put my arm around her shoulders cupping her jaw and putting a thumb under her chin and wait for her to turn back to face me. I pull her in carefully which presses her against the other girl on my chest. This close she's able to get on me and center her gaze on mine. I feel my lips touch hers.

(His kissing and lips are a little lacking. We'll help. She stops wiggling her nose and parts her mouth. She has an orgasmic look on her like she's won an incredible prize playing with her friends and she's losing strength in his arms. She'll let him, she's really thinking about more intimate things. Her body was made for this.)

I'm not done, my tongue's waiting for her to open her mouth. Will she do it? She breathes out and I can taste the breathe from her nose. She's reciprocating the kiss with suction and her body's relaxing. She breathes out her parting lips while we're connected at the mouth and I breathe into her mouth too. I don't mind. She shouldn't either.

She tucks her arms under her squishing her breasts and I feel her occasionally move them in fear of losing balance so I hold her tighter. She stops moving and I think I feel her heartbeat, pipipip over a hundred fifty beats per minute.

I am searching for her tongue with mine but she doesn't offer it so I play at the entrance feeling the shape of her lips. I don't think I've ever kissed a girl like this but it will be worth it.

My dick's hardening.

I feel a hand undoing my fly and attempt to work its way into my pants gently, freeing my cock a little at a time. There are about five people who could be doing that right now.

I have to kiss this girl as much as I can. I need to. I flick my tongue trying to get her attention.

She whines after a few seconds though. Our circular breathing was so out of rhythm. Neither of us were calming down for a moment. I let her go to breathe.

Where am I? [i]Lelepus? Bunki. Lelcunny? Who is this?[/i]

We're in a library in a mansion. The room's lit very dimly and I see rows of books.

I am somewhat aware that my penis is being held in a soft hand. I move my hands. They're touching a bodice of some fine fabric.

My penis is a little too sensitive and there's an overwhelming humid... sultry heat. I move my arm and see there's a very small woman up close to my face as well as the one I was holding, facing me. There's a little movement on the side, one, two more? This is a pretty good situation, I can't wait to see how it plays out.

Oh? I have a funny, salty taste in my mouth.

I admire the collarbone of a girl I've been holding in front of me in the light. I see a bite-mark around the shoulder close to her nape (I want to suck at it). Some wetness trailing up her neck from the nape to the side of her face is luring me back in to suck her face (again, I think I was just). I lick my lips and confirm there's wetness lining my mouth and no taste or grime besides the spit. So she's been kissing me. I'll give her all I've got.

My first intent is to suck her around the bite-mark. She squeals when she sees my head go there. That's right. I lick and press my lips down feeling there's a groove I don't remember leaving. I follow up her neck. She looks away before I reach her face. I can't reach where I licked her before. From this angle I see the low peak of her nose and the pout of her lips. I admire them before pulling her. I put my hand on her head and guide her back to kiss me.

After a little while she breathes hard out her nose and lets me feel her tongue again. I stick my tongue in and give a good attempt to feel around. I don't really know how it feels to her but it's not getting me anywhere. I focus on her tongue now. She's had enough, she tilts her head up breaking the kiss. My face ends up shoved into her neck. Ok, it's wet, I kiss her there too. She has an incredible smell, she lifts her upper body away and I let her until my face is down between her breasts. She puts her hands on my head while I keep kissing her there. I hear her excitedly panting. Her hips gyrate. Even this is too much for her. She squeals and my face gets pressed into the side of one of her breasts when she turns slightly to get away. I have to stop now too.

All the women clinging to me right now. I look like a serious playa. I ogle their body-parts and long for what's being hidden. Their full lips. Their amazing eyes are on me, deeply gazing.

The woman to my left, has a body of a lingerie model. She has dark lines outlining her lips and eyelashes. She has curls in her hair. There's a tinge of red on her face and a little too deep-red swath across near her forehead around the nose, and her cheekbone. Her eyebrows look impossibly large.

I'd chew on her face like a delicious fruit. I glance across her body and she's absolutely dynamite from her ass pressed against mine to her shoulder. Her smooth legs send my eyes streaking across until they meet another maid's face, lower than I expected to see one.

I let go of something with my left hand, it feels far away. I bring it in and place it on the woman's rear next to me. What it was. It felt a little smaller. I can't see around too well but I am certain I let go of one girl's ass and put it on another. That's right. Someone is there right around the corner. Her hand's stretched out onto my lap.

Oh my... gosh. I don't think she minds. Her hand's busy.

Surrounded by strangers. I have a fragrant tinge on my nose, my lips feel a bit tickled. Other than that I'm just being overwhelmed.

An officer speaks, facing the wall, "Ma'am, I'm going to ask you to get up and move away from the suspect. Sir, I'm watching you."

I don't get it, "Is she talking to me?"

The mystery woman (sounds like the goddess) says, "Ignore them. Just how much are you willing to let happen?"

Like that, the police relax from their positions and begin to move about. So do the maids.

I feel them in my lap now. They're stirring. They're rubbing their crotches and hands on me.

Everyone in the library keeps glancing over now. The atmosphere is comfortable and private but the voyeurs are lit up enough I see them.

My prick is out thanks to my girls here. I don't know when it happened. The fun thing is, I get to reward them all for it.

'A splendid thing to behold! The only sausage visible in the house!' could be what they're thinking if I had a guess. Enjoy the view, ladies.

They couldn't possibly go this far without intent to finish somewhere private, with me. I'm already looking them over. The bunnygirls are cute but the lingerie and costumes... I can't really compare. [i]Get naked, say it.[/i] Which one wants to sleep with me more?

I offer them a sincere smile. They shouldn't feel guilty. What I'll do to them if I get the chance. I play my fingers on their bare skin.

I look down. It's really out there. It's not even fully engorged yet. I have intact foreskin. My cock is big enough from getting played with, the tip is no longer hidden.

There's the sudden sense of self-doubt. I could actually be in trouble. I look for reassurance and all I see makes me aroused. [i]Is it really ok?[/i]

Someone new stands in front of me, behind the bunnygirl. Her pale blue uniform, costume or real? I can't tell.

She's admiring me. Her eyes are dead set on my dick for a long time. I'm watching her too, in this case.

Her eyes are dancing like there's more there. Was she also checking out the women?

"What's your name?" I ask.

"They have a nickname," she explains. "I'm officer smooth lips. But you can call me Fe... Tamer Jesse."

Ok she can't possibly be for real.

"What was that Fe?"

She says, "Jesse Fee-tamer."

Someone else says, "Officer smooth job."

A young officer in hat, skirt, and uniform with a visible midriff joins us. Her breasts don't look big. Her badge near there.

"Are you here to ask questions, Tamer Jesse?" I ask the officer.

She gets down on all fours and reaches across the pile of women on me (five of them, now six). She puts her face in my lap. That was pretty fucking aggressive.

I tried to move only to be reminded here, there are so many other girls in my lap I can't disturb. Six of them! That's right, I am having six. What's so strange about this number? Hang on. One. Two... My penis brings me back to the officer.

Next to the doll-like bunnygirl and company, she's a fully-grown woman despite her own diminutive stature. She's very slim and fit. The features of her face, except for her lips, are quite sharp. She must have had collagen injected, her dick-service lips are puffy.

I react quickly without thinking, I hold her face in my hand for a moment until she slips out. What's she doing?

She's feeling my cock from the base of the shaft with her lips. [i]No way! Oral sex in public... a strip club?[/i]

Having taken that all in, I stop thinking and say it. "Officer! Fuck! Cocksucker!" I shout. "You didn't give me a warning. I didn't even get your name." 

"Fe..." she says. Then goes back, sighing like she doesn't want to say it.

"You're not really police. Are you going to do what I think?" She slips her lips around (blowjob face, wet, hot, feels good, how close am I to cumming?) and goes down for a moment and then opens her mouth letting my cock fall out while moving away.

My reaction?

"You better call yourself Officer Cocksucker. Damn! Uah. You're too good at this."

So the thing is, even a gentle touch at early arousal for men can be extremely intense. In my case, having the glans rubbed like that, absolute fucking win. I can't think of anyone but her right now.

"Huh. Huuh. It's coming out." I warn. "Uhh. Right here? Sh. Ssst. Nn non. Ungh." She looks happy about it. "I'm gonna."

"Ho-holy wow. Uh. You're really going to let me use you like that? (It sounds incredible. It sounds like a dream come true) Oh... oh... Holy shit. You're prostitutes." I breathe and moan. I didn't see it coming. "I thought you were strippers."

That was it, they're strippers, is she just a sex freak?

Her mouth comes off and she returns to the shaft. [i]Oh now my wet fully erect penis is there, enjoy it![/i] Fee tamer, do you like sucking cock so much?

The stimulation with all the girls rubbing my body is unbelievable.

It tickles. It's really ticklish now that she's wet my entire cock and she's going around kissing the ballsack. A pair of hands from the women at my sides are tickling my foreskin and the hair on my ballsack at as well.

My prick. I can feel it. I can feel the love and worship on my prick.

The girl on my chest is feeling my pecs and reaching up to kiss me. It's too much.

"Oh," I say. "You too? Is bunny going to make love?"

The bunnymaid in my lap, not this one says, "I thought you called me bunny."

"What? Oh, she's a bunny too. What should I call you?"

"Lem Lem."

"Ok. Lem Lem. Let's make love."

She's finally entered the sexual fray and the timing's so right. I help her kiss bringing my face to her.

There's something far too delicate about her looks I put my right hand on her back and feel her hair gently.

The soft hands on me. The bunnygirl's hands are so small.

A mystery woman (goddess) tells me, "Take a good look at her. Is she enjoying your cock?" I look in the direction I heard the voice. Six... seven women.

I don't know who said that. But now that she mentioned it, I'll look. I can pull the girl under my chin and look past her. It's like I'm wearing a really sultry blanket.

The officer. Oh, she's really enjoying it. Oh, she's having a blast. Holy smoke she's actually really amazing. Something else catches my eye. The schoolgirl with dark skin is staring at me with a mischievous smirk. We lock eyes.

The mystery woman (seven women) offers, "I would join her. Do you think you want that?"

Oh. I don't think hard about that, [i]why not?[/i]

I'm already getting lambasted by sensations all over. I can't see the harm.

Not currently at the depth of pleasure, the servicer is focused on massaging the length of the shaft, I can talk without moaning at least. I laugh a little, [i]You got me[/i]. Oh that's right. I laugh and move my lips away from the woman kissing me, my bottom lip scoops up past her nose and I taste salt. I quickly lick my lips. I need to get back to kissing her soon.

"Sure, you can. Two girls together. Why not?"

She comes around and slips her face in view. She's close to the woman already sucking cock. She's really pretty.

Hold on a second.

"Oh?!" That's the goddess. Why couldn't I recognize her voice? (Maybe I did, I just wasn't...)

The foul play was meant to set me off sooner. I think she got me.

I'm between resisting and shoving my groin forward to climax. Either one, indecisive, it feels good, I flex my kegel repeatedly without much thought. My penis is able to stand up higher, consequently evading their delicate touches for a moment. The simple notion of a penis trying to escape a blowjob seemed to put the servicing women in a good mood.

The girl on my chest puts her face against mine. We'll kiss some more. But now I'm wary what is about to happen. Is this alright? Four women are almost close enough to give me oral sex, but there's only room for two.

I see the officer's lipstick is getting on my shaft, her face is pouting, she narrows her eyes. She's putting on the suction. Her foreskin play is elaborate. She's stroking my cock with her tongue and spreading her mouth wide so she'll grip with better suction. I can see her lean neck flexing and relaxing. Her body moves up and down towards the floor.

She repositions. She's on her knees and putting her weight on my knees with her hands. She can press her face down into my lap from this position easier. Is she going to start sucking the head?

Her shoulders round as her elbows go out to the side. She sticks her tongue out more often now as she relaxes licking going up the shaft.

I have to stop kissing. The shorter woman rests her face next to mine. I could turn my head to the right and keep going. The bunnygirl with the dewy-lips gets in position to kiss me from my front instead. [i]Kiss both,[/i] I think. [i]Three-way kissing, three-way blowjob.[/i] I'm being distracted while I try to manage, my fingers have slipped their way into some delicate places I can hear the model sigh each time I tweak her ass cheek. Now this.

"Look, from this position can you see the shape of her ass?" advises the goddess, like it was a question. It's not a question.

She's right, I almost missed that. Now that the blowjob-giver's face was pressed into my lap her ass is on display. She is even leaning to let me see better.

I reposition my right hand cupping the bunnygirl's once more before I bring my arm around to my front. I'll have to reach past three sitting on my lap, but her ass in the air is inviting attention. I reach down and finger her. The cloth of her pants stain.

The goddess moves in and helps the woman. I only watch long enough to see her face nudge at my cock and their big cock service lips close in together.

A massive unwanted level of irritation slips out past my urethra. Lubrication from my gonads and a stiffening. God it's a terrible feeling, followed by what might be total dysphoria.

Certian parts of me unbridle and overflow down into my loins. There's a moment of utter stupidity. "Oh no fuck. Oh no. I... I'm cumming! It's cumming!" (Yeah. It works like that. Why'd I say that?) My abs contract hard and and unmistakable buildup of fluid lubricates my urethra something spilled out before it all starts, I feel like I already came. Huh. That felt pretty good.

Then a wave crashes down thickening the sensation into an utter bliss. Nothing can rationally stop it. Will I die?

It isn't safe. I need to cum as much as I possibly can and inside these women as deeply as I possibly can.

I'm crying out. [i]I'm trying to tell you something important. Like, I love you. It's not like you can hear me.[/i] I'm making a lot of noise though.

After the initial compulsion of total motor dissolution... my legs stop shaking and I can lift my head back up to look. The irritation has stopped and my urethra could be doing something like a bowel movement, right in front of all these people. I've lost any ounce of self respect I'm looking for confirmation on their faces and (I can't remember exactly what I saw now) it's already slipped out, it's not going to stop. I think it's over they're going to quit after they saw me lose it.

I stare at the officer's face, as she works her lips around the crown of my shaft and pumps up and down drinking the solid globs. My cock's working to defeat her and outpace her. She has skill to drink it all up.

There's a second compulsion to gutturally moan and milk my prostate by squeezing my abs, so the thick head of my dick stretches out to some extremes into her cloying lips.

At this point my penis is flexing on its own and stopping the flow of cum between contractions. This sucks. This is the stupidest fucking shit. Cum, don't cum, make up your mind. I breathe in and out hard, it's fucking insane.

My cock slips out and with seed spilling between them it's shared with another pair of fuckable lip pillows (goddess). The movement. There's an incredible sensation, my pelvis jerks back and forth to jackhammer into her mouth and I think I'm cumming all over again.

Her power, it's not a fluke. I'm still hard and she happily pumps her thick fucking lips over me like a candy stick. She lets go and my dick goes back to the police woman who sucks it dry.

She's cleaning every last bit, her tongue runs around.

The two of them making guttural platitudes, as well as I.

The library needs a sign on the door: "Don't feed the cock-hungry trolls."

(He has less than adequate blood in his brain right now. It'll be a miracle if he could think.)

Officer Cock Tamer comments, "It's soe-fuhkn-biiig." She's occasionally pursing her lips and teasing the tip.

She likes my big dick though. That's something.

(He recovers.)

*****
[hr]

My mouth is felt up by the girl closer to me exploring until we're embraced in a lip-lock again. Her wet kiss and shape of her lips reminds me. Lem. I turn to the right and kiss the nose on the woman there. Mhm Lem. I bring my hand to touch their faces while kissing them, they don't like that, oh well. Bunny and Lem Lem three-way kiss.

My dick's still hard and the officer's gulped down my sperm, still going at it. I swallow and squeeze my eyes shut shuddering. It's all I can do to not scream when her tongue slides along the slit at the tip of my penis.

She does it a few more times and the group all over me notice. I'm not able to hold it, "You. Cocksucking bitch. Uaha..." I flex hard resisting (insertion) unable to cope, I shake my hips the painfully intense, tip-of-the-penis I can't stand it. Why's it like that?

"Can I try that?" says a woman sitting in my lap. I can't identify her. So much is happening. It's like I just got here.

I want to do something nasty to Officer Cocksucker as revenge. [i]From my left, maybe I can figure it out.[/i] I wince. [i]Uhh, it feels good. Suddenly.[/i] I won't fight.

(Post-coital orgasm. The partially deflated nerves may dry up and become extremely sensitive, almost painful. The entrance of a urethra resists being penetrated. He's got an incredible tolerance for pain. Plus there's a little magic at work.)

I put my arm down and graze the tail of my pillow-sized bunnygirl. Shocked, I pull my hand away. Lem? Her tuft of a tail didn't feel the way I expected. What is this woman?

The officer's lips finally crease around the crown of my dick's head and I feel something wet again, like it's slipped over, and down the urethra. I want to shoot it back out. She is content while blowing me, she's taking her time. I move my hips forward to encourage head pushing more blood into my cock, it feels good, really. I neglect the woman I'm kissing momentarily tilting my head back.

(It's no longer an orgasm but the nerves have been primed. He can't fully indulge in just how good that orgasm he felt was, but he's trying really hard to make it happen again.)

If she'd just go all the way down, I'll shoot my load down her throat, even if it means grabbing her hair and forcing it in. I'll let every last bit of my cum find its way into her body, if she prefers it in her mouth that's ok.

[i]Fee-tamer fuckface I'll make you regret being such a sloppy cum-guzzling gutter slut. I'll fucking slap this bitch after I cum down her throat and bash her for being such a shit-eating, piss-drinking hooker masquerading as a cop.[/i]

After having completed the sexual thought. The sensation fades slightly. My cock's fully engorged. She changes her style.

She's stops to tell me, "Don't forget who did this. Ok. Get a good look at me. Fefe's got your cock under lock and key. Only I can set you free, got it?" She's talking into my nutsack and I felt a smirk from her.

She resumes licking the shaft.

Oh my god I could swear there's something on it she's trying to lick the flavor off.

"Get her some whipped cream," I say offhandedly.

I hear a can shaking and the goddess pours whipped cream across my dick for the enjoyment of her slutty new friend.

What do I say? I turn my head to the left and there's the rosy cheeked lady in lingerie. I look at her makeup lines. I say, directed at someone else, "You give really good lip service... Officer Smooth Lips." The woman I'm looking at smiles at me.

Really, kisses and the gentle tugs of hands at my balls are the only things registering after I became swollen erect. I need more simulation, that's all.

And the gentle laughter. The girls are laughing very coquettishly. They're playing with my nuts.

The servicer has a very mellow tone in her voice, "Yo. Smooth operator. Look here." There is a pause. She won't go until I look. I look down. I see she's got my cock next to her face. Her lips pursed, she's staring past my cock at me, waiting. "Let's see if you can handle this." She balances and takes off her top.

She's all skin below it. Small nipples. A-cup. The most exciting thing about this is I can see her armpits are shaven.

Her bare back from her shoulders down to pants come in view if she leans on me now. She still has her hat and shorts on.

(He has lost some memory.)

My dick's swinging in the wind as it's fondled. People are watching. Really attractive girls. The police are behaving casually, besides the few glances. Of course, they could be looking at the one servicing me now that she's half naked with her back exposed to them. We're in a strip club.

I see the goddess. Or they're staring at the goddess's ass since she's kneeling. [i]This is a library in a familiar mansion. Something's going horribly wrong.[/i]

She has teased me to no end and drank my cum like a water fountain. It was not just an elaborate striptease. These were prostitutes. Or, I'm missing something.

(Certainly. Let me fill everyone else in. These aren't prostitutes. Think of them as his biggest fans.)

I can't believe it. "Is this real?" I ask. I don't think so. This can't be. I shift upsetting the delicate pile of creamy-skinned goddesses and glossy-eyed bunnygirls.

A hand touches my upper leg. The goddess again. She says, "It can be more. I could help. Don't you want me?" She's offering a boon. But in return she'd definitely take something of it back. How badly does she want to suck? My attention's back on the police woman. I feel like I need to cum, but what's more important?

The officer's trying to take off her skirt while holding her face firm against my cock. She gives up and stands.

She wiggles out of her skirt. Her hips. Her leg muscle. Her crotch are lean. Her panties slip off. I watch them catch around her calves and she steps one leg out.

Sex is important. I would appreciate having sex.

Her pussy is shaven equally well as the rest of her body, then she scoops them up with the other foot and places them on the table close to her.

To the point, "Are we going to have sex?" I ask her when she turns around. Not to discriminate between one orifice from another. She's done such a great job so far. "I like what I see."

Three girls stand up together and start beckoning me to as well. This is quite a welcome show of force.

The rest of the girls in my lap and on my sides relieve me of the burden. I liked having them on me, and the sudden refreshment of air and sweat evaporating is also nice.

(They've been masturbating the whole time.)

They don't stop looking at me, even once I'm standing up, towering above them, absolute stunners all around.

"Is there really something more you'd like?"

They keep beckoning. We move to a couch only a few feet away behind my luxurious chair.

*****
[hr]

(So far this has been him. His desire. When he gets his fill the princess can unleash the demons. Think of this as a little warning what will soon happen.)

While I'm seated, someone is allowed to sit behind me and I end up in a woman's lap. "Would you like a cavity search?" she asks.

I shake my head.

She offers, "You'll cum even harder if you get a prostate massage."

"No thank you," I decline.

The princess suggests, "He really wants it. Let me."

"No," I'm adamant. The goddess pouts and doesn't go near my butt.

She gets down and the lip service continues with an incredibly busty woman. Her tits are too heavy on my knees not to notice. The officer whose already serviced me so well is trying to slip beside her onto the couch. The hat's still on. She took her shoes off.

I think I'm going to cum. It feels so good. The power is brimming. I wasn't settled down from the last session, it came back really quick.

"Thank f... for that, go easy don't ruin this, don't play nasty." I say.

I feel my chances with the other women slipping away as the two cocksuckers dominate. Spreading the love around isn't an option once it's spent.

No matter how well the sexy tiny officer does her work, the goddess next to her has made her mark. The touch of their two pairs of lips is a relief and their mouths come close enough together to kiss. I have to stare not to miss if they would [i]do it[/i] while I watch.

The officer's face looks affectionate.

The goddess could be faking an orgasm. Her lips on my cock can't be that good for [i]her[/i] pleasure, can it?

(YESYESYES it can feel so good! She's cumming from her lips. She's done this long enough she can hide so much of her pleasure now. Every waking thunk of her muscles. Her skin in contact with a man's genitals is a full body orgasm, she can taste, she can feel depth that can't be trained, you can't deny her, it doesn't matter if you believe what she tells you.)

"Enjoy every last kiss. Can you feel this?" asks the officer.

Her lips gently press on the fat swollen tip. Her tongue darts out like she's licking something off. But the cream's all gone. It's all me there in her mouth.

She asks, "Are you having trouble relaxing after cumming once? Are you thinking about doing something to me? Just say it."

This makes the princess chuckle throatily. She'd just as easily suggest the same.

(His penis muscles and abdomen have unconstricted. He'll easily ejaculate again just from a little effort.)

I'm not going to be stimulated properly unless they start jerking me off or even better. It's just a fact of nature. There must be a tightness, a stimulation worth dispensing into, or it resists.

A bunnygirl with dewy lips is helped into my arms. Her face is there for me.

Amazed. I can't believe what I'm seeing. I could kiss her. She looks happy to be near me. Did we already meet?

The lights are a little brighter on the couch and it's like the first time I'm seeing her. I give her a hug. She licks my face (his loving kiss earlier left her wanting more). Two can play that way. I lick her mouth.

"She's suspect," I'm hearing an unseen male officer with a disdainful voice. "Suspicious conduct." I hear a woman. "Question her. We have reason to suspect she's holding a weapon."

There's something mischievous afoot. They're not talking into radios or walls anymore, they're saying it like a cheesy plot device. I wasn't born yesterday. This is bullshit.

The waitress's face flushes, clearly embarrassed.

She shakes her head and holds onto me.

"What's wrong?" I ask her. I turn to face the oncoming three police, men and women.

The police don't let her stay long, "Come on. You need to be fluffed. He's getting fluffed."

"Ok," she says. "It's going to be alright." She says in a very not-reassuring way. While she's being lifted up off me.

"Don't steal my bunny!" I say. "We haven't put things together. I'll miss you."

I don't get it. What was that about?

(Fluffing means direct stimulation by erogenous contact. It also means, getting ready for a porno shoot.)

(The hero's simply confused why they handed him a life-sized bunnygirl and then took her back.)

She gets taken away to a table. She's on her hands. I see a female officer perform a search on her.

The officer's pretty banger. There's a garter on her upper leg and I can see undies. The rest of her uniform beside the bare belly is standard. Her hips are thick and curvy. Under her shirt I can't see her tits but her chest is broad, it makes her look strong.

She feels the bunnysuit. The girl jumps in surprise at the speedy hand movement across her ears and down her neck. She squeaks.

Was that really necessary?

(The officer grabbed her tits out of view.) 

Then the woman searching bends to reach her stockings, then she pats her bottom. She takes a love glove and lubricates it. I become aware my cock is being serviced and feels for who's doing it, but I can't take my eyes of this strip-molestation cockteasing.

(The blood in his head quickly drains down into his penis while he tries to understand. Failing spectacularly, he loves the sight and can't stop hoping it'd get nastier.)

[i]No way.[/i]

She pulls the bunnygirl's suit aside exposing her genitals.

[i]Now wai![/i] They're going to do a cavity search on that cute girl? I can barely think about what's happening. My attention returns to he sound of a smooch and the officer-blowjob's mouth goes wide.

The goddess asks me, "What do you think? Do you want to cum like this, or do you want to have sex with the girl served for you, at the table? She'll be your rabbit, served on a platter. She's fertile."

Either way I guess. I watch the search continue, the small butt of the maid. Penetration, I swear it's going to happen any second. The officer slips her finger along the edge unmasking the bunnygirl's anus. It's wonderful but all I can think is, [i]penetration[/i]. Then in. A cute little anus and a cute girl. Her head falls forward as her ears wilt. I can't imagine really doing it with her, but I see it. Every cell in my body is trying to feel that girl nearly ten feet away. (Say [i]yes[/i].)

The gloved fingers go down to the knuckle. The girl's tail and anus flex. Her mouth. She's showing an intense feeling on it. I can't place it, the tip of my cock throbs wishing it was making her. 

(The smell of her own ass. The degradation. Something being put in her felt good. A mixture of involuntary pleasure and disgust. She'd also like it to be him.)

The search ends, the glove is out. The glove is off.

She kneels behind the girl who's bent over the table. The search continues?! 

She leans forward and pushes her mouth against her butt. She glides her tongue around and into the girl's ass. [i]You're eating her ass? How far is this possibly going to go?[/i]

Her hands come up and feel her suspect's vagina. She sticks her fingers in and generously rubs it while she's licking her ass.

(This is the fluffing part. The lubricant was. The gratuitous anal licking, not really.)

The bunnygirl bounces wildly in her cute bunny outfit from the pleasure of such vigorous sexual molestation. The force of the fingers thrusting in lifts her body as well. The bunnygirl falls forward to her elbows. She's unable to keep it together and makes a pitiable noise. She's really crying.

The action of the woman stimulating her is actually pretty gentle. She's just so sensitive.

(And embarrassed.)

The whole time, I'm watching her from the rear while receiving a blowjob. Her head turns to look at me.

I tell them, "I think I want her most of all right now."

The lip service ends. I thought maybe there would be a conversation after but they were incredibly eager to help me make contact with this bunny.

I'm helped off the couch and guided until I'm nearly connected with her. She's still facing away with her elbows on the table, bent-over.

"Are you ready to impregnate this doe?" asks the goddess. "If so... stare into the craftsmanship god has made forming her well-trained anus and cry at its beauty. For as long as you endure. Or will you give into the desire to put it in her lubricated ass like most men would?"

I want to have sex with her. My dick wants to have sex with her. I don't think it's possible to resist the need to have sex with her. She said I could put it the bunnygirl's ass? Tempting but... was there more to it?

Her top's still on. It's covering her nipples. I slip my hand into the cusp around her breast and armpit. It's soft and squishy. I'm right behind her and take her with both hands.

I knead her breasts in my hands staring at her there. Very lovely.

She reciprocates and lets out a warbly giggle mixed with high-pitched sighs and very deliberate noises of encouragement.

She holds her legs together. And after that I must have gotten her good and worked up, she sticks out her ass with her tail straight flush to her back. My heart drops slamming into my stomach. I feel it leap back up catching in my throat. She's become so receptive. But more to the point, I can't help looking at the final resting place of my cc... carrot. That's not. That can't be.

Her anus is pink. It's been lubed by the nice woman she met. That could be the place! My fingers find their way in immediately. Wowwwowow it's so incredible. Her anus. I finger-fuck her ass. She giggles. She's super-receptive. I spread her and gasp. This is pure evil, how am I going to decide?

She has a ring of white around her oily privates. My eyes start within a concave depression nestled deep within her pelvis and excitedly dance up the landscape from there past her lubed up anus to her tail. It's a smooth upward slope from the unmistakably receptive reproductive place that's been fingered, and one that's been kissed by a woman, to her twitching tail.

Unmistakably, her tail and tailbone are connected. There's no trick or toy. It's all her.

[i]"That's not the thing you should be thinking about..."[/i] I hear.

The gaping ass I've pulled open easily snaps shut as my thumb slips off. I'm left grabbing one ass-cheek, staring at the glory her nethers offer.

My hands touch her hips and her soft body moves at the tug. Tucked under all this...

The depression of her cave takes a sharp dip down below into a very inviting slit for my well-intended installation.

[i]I'm going to kill her.[/i]

I shake my head, I shed a tear. I shouldn't have played with her butt, I'm torn between two simultaneous thoughts, which to pollinate.

The butt! I feel the tight ring of young pink flesh surrounding the tip of my penis. I'm ready to blow. It slips in and the surrounding suction at the head elicits a shocking feeling.

[i]The doe and buck, the so-called suspects. Their privates connect. They were meant to be together.[/i] Slightly aggravated, I lose concentration.

I can't cope with the feeling. The intensity of coitus now was another level. I'm still just an inch inside her, a little more... it moves, like, I picture her twitching nose.

The girls playing with my cock didn't do this much.

Before I ejaculate I feel like I'm going to. I moan. Men weren't meant to hold it in so in truth there was no other option left but to fill her to the brim with every last drop. I should just let it go, inside, every little bit.

It's intense. The sensation was like getting cut. Like there's a dull fork, a chopstick point, or a pin running over my skin and I cry out in pain.

We were helped together. I want to do more, my instinct to finish in her is strong. I can't believe this unbearable pain.

I'm staring at her tail. Her ass, her glutes are flexing and it's jerking her butt upwards.

[i]Bitch! It's your fault.[/i]

Her little tight anus is stretching, and the fat crevice of her ass spreading out around slapping into my hips. Her ring above is squeezing around me in quick succession to the pulses of her movement. The fat around her glutes bounces up making a quick crease and dropping back down with gravity. She's gradually picking up the pace and letting me go deep, pounding her down into her colon every long drag and thump splitting her sensitive place apart for our enjoyment.

Fast! "Unhnn!" I utter with my tongue in the way of making any sense. My jaw slack, the ass-fucking she spent on herself was not lost to me. What an amazingly cute bunny slut.

I bring my hands down to her hips and squeeze them. It's all I can manage right now. She's getting onto her toes and dragging out across the length of my dick. She jiggles her ass back and forth slapping into my crotch the weight of her movement spreads her wide open sending chills of anticipation. I'm gonna... I'm gonna! Woah woah! It's gonna! Look what she's doing!

"[i]Urrrrgn[/i] huu!" I felt something release. My nethers relax and unhinge. I think. Yes. This is now very relaxing. "Fucking, so good." I let go and bring my hands down slapping both her hips, I squeeze. That makes me feel better, not so much in control. Did I already cum?

(His state of arousal changed.)

"I'm not going to be able to stop myself," I warn her. "It's ok right?"

I'm dead serious. This feels too good. If she could rub my cock more.

Well, she was escalating. "That's really good," she says. Is she having an orgasm?

"Ohhhhh!," she wails, her anal sensitivity and vigorous motion must have finally hit her.

[i]She's a bad little fucktoy bouncing like a fuckbunny big-ass... damn it's good.[/i]

I slap her hips and see her fat ripple, I slap harder. I freeze while watching. I lean back to spank her, smack, smack. Ohhh. The ripple of her ass and twitch of her insides was sending numbing shockwaves into my cock. It's suddenly impossible to move.

[i]Don't fucking stop.[/i]

Her tight flesh, lubed, but still sticky constricts around me repeatedly milking my cock. I finally notice how much of a smell we're making.

[i]Ok. How is she so good at this?[/i]

"Uhhhh..." I repeat this totally pointless moan to convey my deeply profound view of the world right now.

"She's happy. Give her all your cum," the goddess tells me. Then she lets out a squeal. Her legs are shaking watching us.

(She can sense a lot of what's happening.)

I could be her master. I could be her mate. I moan.

"That's right. Tell her. You own this doe now. Do whatever you want," the goddess titillates me even while I'm... even moaning. "Do. Everything." She emphasizes.

The doe agrees, "Please enjoy my body." She gives vigorous ululating squeals and moans the most vulgar sounds possible.

[i]Finish, fast, hurry. Feed off her energy.[/i]

Something spills on my leg. Her pussy?

(She's thinking about having children and boys she crushed on and her inner world of possibilities that she felt strongly about. He can be the next big thing. Maybe in this instance it's premature.)

She breathes faster and has a cute orgasm, making her stop moving. She screams and that part of her body getting filled palpitates as an incredible speed. Imagine her nose twitching twice per second. She presses her anus into me trying to milk my dick with her twitching inner sheath, the entrance makes a nice wet seal and squelches. It twitches repeatedly, then she flexes it trying to hold it shut at the base, tight around my shaft.

I grab her and hold her body against mine. I feel her whole body vibrating. Her tits were between my fingers at first. I hear her scream in delight at the change. I grab not to let her slip and crush her breasts in my hands making them deform and spill out her suit.

I pump my cock in and out of her and I... I'll...

[i]It feels good,[/i] I tell myself. [i]I need to do more. I need to do that.[/i] I put my hand around her mouth. It's like... This? I feel her nose excitedly twitch making it travel across several of my fingers. I press my hand to her lips work my finger into her mouth.

I'm still in her. She's loving this. To encourage me, she has to cry in grunts through my fingers.

I put the hand lower feeling her thin neck. That's disgusting, so frail, and weak. I feel her thin body, and my offhand pulls her top down. Her tits release. My abs contract once.

It's like this. I reposition my hand on her face grabbing her skull. I'm trying to shove a finger down her throat to make her gag.

(Rabbits don't gag though. In case we need to explain it, she has the very traits of a lagomorph. Although she's a human woman.)

I'll cum in her while forcing her to submit. It stopped feeling good but if I continue, I'll be able to finish. "Do you like this little slut?!" I ask with the fatigue in my voice.

She's yelling "yes yes..." while I ruin her. She's not really fighting at all. Bunnies are fuck freaks.

I get a glimpse of her tits flopped out and her spit trailing. She shoves her tongue up out against my fingers. It must be uncomfortable having my fingers down her throat.

(Ahegao.)

I only feel relief. Whatever force made me do this. It subsides.

I must have cum inside her.

(Pause here. Jerk off. Come back.)

*****
[hr]

The police grab me and the woman I just violated is free. 

She is taken out of the circle, dazed and confused with the feeling of a man still inside her.

She looks back wanting. It was magical. She felt a connection as much as I.

The goddess speaks up, "Are you ok with this?"

Am I? [i]Am I letting her get away? She was in my arms. I could taste her on my tongue. My nuts were pressed into her taint. She's mine.[/i]

"No. Don't let her go. I haven't finished."

"You have to be more careful," she tells me. "What was it that made you attracted to her?"

"Those dewy lips. Those generous tits." I add, "I don't want to be touched by the police."

Illmuire smiles. And this fucked up version of reality gives into her will like she dropped something into a viscous honey and it took less than a second to settle.

The princess looks agreeable and nods. She asks, "What do you want? Were you trying to do something to her? Were you thinking of me at all?"

What was I trying to do? I was supposed to impregnate the doe.

(And the next time, you will.)

The naked woman with such a great record of lip service, the bunnygirl, and the goddess return to my front presenting their tits to me. Or I'm just staring at them because it's second only to staring at their ass. I feel the need to cum again.

The women who played with my dick are all prepared to continue pleasuring.There are half a dozen and a few hopeful I'll notice them off to the side. Some haven't even come close enough to touch me yet. I can only handle three at a time.

Hold on. Three at a time? When have I ever slept with three at a time? I'm pretty sure I have, but I can't recall.

I take the woman with rouge and have her go in place of the goddess.

I inform the goddess, "With you there, there's no competition. You understand." She nods approval and there's a glint in her eye.

The officer says to me, "Get on the couch and we'll take turns until you cum inside one of us."

(Naha that's not the story. From this point on. They will reciprocate to force. Submission. He's going to dominate them and violate their senses. Isn't that right? Hero.)

I hear handcuffs. "This is what you want," says the goddess in a sultry matter-of-factitude tone. She's breathing a little harder, I know she's turned on, but not how come. Why? She's not even one of the girl I'll be screwing so why is it?

All three women I selected are clasped in handcuffs.

What the fuck?

With their arms behind their backs, their fronts are easily being held out. I like. Men hold the lingerie model and the bunnygirl. A woman's holding the naked-but-her-hat woman who doesn't look like police so much as a criminal masquerading as one as of now.

*****
[hr]

"Wait!" I shout.

They stop. I come over to them. I feel their tits being held out. Each one. The princess laughs. I love the sound as I contemplate how I want to have sex with each individual one.

The model needs to be stripped naked. Her breasts are big.

I come close to her. "Ex..." I shove my face into her bra to suck her tits. I go left which ruffles her right-side. There's resistance so I grab and pull her top down. Her soft nipple is released on her right, my left, and I suck at it growing hard fast, hard, hard, me, her nipple, pointy bumpy 'suksuksuk.

"Control yourself... hehe. Woah she has spectacular nipples. Leave some for the rest of us," was that a random heckler or encouragement? Either way.

I stick out my tongue and feel her nipple across the flat of it and I suck at her until I hear her gasp. She was holding her breath? I leave her like that with one exposed nipple after rubbing the spit off.

I say, feeling quite energetic, "I'll be back for that. Next in line is the officer I like to call cocksuker. Would you like to do it right now?" She smiles with little restraint and bounces a little on her toes when I am within distance to do whatever I wanted. "Small tits. I hear they're sensitive."

I suck at her right. Her shirt was already off and her nipple is stiff. She starts letting out little pitched yelps. I take it in my hand and there's enough fat there her skin deforms to my hand. It gives me more of a mound to hold in my mouth and I open wide to suck her. I let go and enjoy looking at her for a little while. I don't know when she took her skirt off, it was, her nickname.

[i]Oh no when did we meet? I can't remember.[/i]

I feel bad but I play cool and nod a couple times going to the next. There's a woman in lingerie with big tits.

"Hey you sucked her already."

"Oh," I respond. "I think it's ok if I continue with her right?"

"No the maid."

"Excuse me, I hope you have plenty of milk," I tell her before sucking her right nipple.

It's hard. I lick and slurp. No milk. I squeeze her other breast. This makes her respond. "Is this one more sensitive?" I go to kiss her left side and find myself slipping her currently erecting nipple out. I swallow and thoroughly feel every millimeter of skin with my tongue. I'm getting uncomfortable but, turns out, I'm not wearing pants so the other two women are getting a good show.

I go to the bunnygirl. In the lighting I can only see she has a very fine fuzzy hair on her smooth skin, and dynamite red puffy nipples I'm going to be molesting. I pinch one to see it slowly get ready for me. I look at her. She's cute. A little imperfection on her lip. When she closes her mouth it looks like a very exotic curve that increases the size of her bottom lip. I kiss her mouth.

She looks surprised. "I don't know why I feel like I want to do that more. After we have sex?" I suggest. The other two women are being escorted now. I better not dwindle.

I go at her left breast and circle around her tit, already asserting I was going to do what I've done before. I put my hand on her right breast and feel her excitement erect both nipples. With my face so close to her I hear her heartbeat again. "Tell me, can you feel mine?" I ask. I stick my penis between her legs and suck at her tits. When I finish rolling my tongue around and lapping up the excess spit my penis is covered by her lubricant. I put my hand close to her lips and blow a quick kiss. I look down at the glistening stuff she just applied to it.

All three are brought to the couch and put face down, ass in view. If I have to stare at their asses all day considering them I will. The view is unbelievably amazing.

They won't ride me at this rate. They will be ridden. They won't blow me until I've satisfied them. I want to stick my face in their pussies.

I don't really think I've seen them properly before now (which is funny since I've been staring at their faces and chests for the past half hour, huh). I take them in by sight once again. Now, only now, they are truly women. Only now I can appreciate what's been granted before me. There's no greater height than this feeling. There's not a pillar on Earth higher than this. I lie to myself.

*****
[hr]

The first thing I notice is...

The bunnygirl's tits are big enough to touch the floor. She is so short her head is tilted back with her chin on the seat's edge. Poor little thing.

Uncomfortable.

She's 'cute.' Holy shit what a bangable little slut, cute. And with the lighting I can appreciate her stockings clinging to her thighs more. Her anus is lit. Her ass is amazing. Her pussy is sticking out from the tilt. Lube... twitch, twitch. I flex my penis and try to stop the twitch, but it's my penis and her anus that both twitch, her tail, her body. We're synchronized. We need to reconnect.

She presses her chin into the cushion and her face squishes.

'Buncomfortable.'

I swear. I'll cum inside her.

Did I. Already? Have I cum yet? My penis is tingling in displeasure.

(He just prelubed himself.)

The police officer, the bunnygirl, the maid with model-bod maid in a dark red shiny lingerie...

I stare at the taller woman. Her body's a good shape. I stroke her back and feel her garment. She exaggerates how good it feels. She must feel good about this. I wish I knew her better, we just met.

"Your name is?"

"Bic Rider," she sighs sweetly while speaking the words.

Without needing invitation the goddess removes the panties from the model. There's a butt with a pinched anus like a dry shucked muscle (shellfish) quaintly on display.

Her panties slip off. Her pussy is inviting, flexing. I can't help imagine what it's going to feel like now.

She helps the model's tits out all the way and they hit the floor. Another fully loaded woman has her missiles deployed. I'd be sunk if this weren't more of a ballast reduction. My dick's surfacing hard and rapidly it's going to crest.

I love staring at their asses while anticipating the penetration.

I pull up the model's sheer skirt, and pull down her leggings exposing more of her leg. My face is closer now. There it is, a receptacle of dreams, and below it, a pheromonal honeypot dripping with suds and cream.

She doesn't hesitate and moves her butt slightly to entice.

No, I can resist. I bring a hand down leaving a bristling red mark on her rear. Even with this, even when my dick gets fully erect staring at this, I can resist. Twitch... I flex my groin.

I return to the doe.

Thanks to her intense coital embrace, and then her thighs, I have the bunnygirl's pheromones on my cock.

She's bent over like that, her tail is tilting up and a flag of white excitement pierces my gaze. How can I resist? I put my fingers in. I'm fired up after ogling the model. I know what to do.

"Move around, I need the officer in the middle."

And before I get started. I want to prepare myself.

Done. Left to right: Model, female officer, bunnygirl.

I take a look at the officer. Her toned ass and backside. She's plain. Next to the other two she has a very formidable bodyshape, but less on the pillow side and more like a lean beauty. She moves a little. I think she looks like a horny young woman that needs to have sex worse than all three.

I want to see what kind of mess I can make from her. I'm absolutely fired up.

I put my cock in the officer with her face planted in the cushion. Fee-pussy. She only has a few seconds of recognition that something is starting. She moves her body. A wave of helpless reciprocation and release. Both our genitals slip together like cogs starting our grind. I can't think. I need to...

I put my fingers in the girls on my left and my right side. With their generous tits in my peripheral and the heat of their cunts against my fingers, I'm in heaven.

I feel the tingle of pain wash away. The itch is being scratched. I can't stand it, erections help, and stimulation of my penis. Dampness and wet places correct the dry skin up inside. The circumstances of arousal lessen my discomfort at times. I finally cum, and it's like chomping down on her.

Fefe lets out a sigh, a moan, and then a high-pitched cry.

She yells, "He! His dick's hot. You came! You came inside me?! Oh! Oh, you're stretching me out even more. Ooohoho-ii." She was unprepared.

I had a long taxi-ride over. Pent-up stress exiting me went straight into her. First her mouth now her little wet slit, how else can I defile this sexy little slut?

I look at her bound up wrists while she complains. She can't do anything. The tits on either side of me are moving. Does her crying turn them on? They're enjoying hearing her squeal just as much as I. My fingers are wet, my wet ballsack is pressed against her. I can massage the pussies even more and my thumbs are right there stimulating their anuses. Twitching anuses feel like they're kissing my thumbs I push their buttons just as well as I'll suck at them, any time.

[i]Right now. I can twist my fingers.[/i]

Right now I think anyone seeing this would wish death upon me.

This is a really, really, awesome feeling. It's like I'm hooked into a power like no other. What should I do with so much power running through my fingers and cock?

I'm still cumming. My nuts are contracted, the scrotum is holding them up making the ejaculation go without a hitch.

The girl is like a cake I'm eating after being starved. Her insides are being coated by hot frosting one pump after the next as I take ball-aching bites out. My groin muscles relaxes all too fast and the feeling of my balls hitting the scrotum quickly before contracting again is something I am never really expecting.

I want to eat my cake. I lean forward and then I see my fingers are being held at the wrong angle.

"Stop cumming. I can't take it. Your fat head is stuck! Aaaaahh!" she yells.

She can do nothing except remain till the end.

[i]I'm so happy.[/i]

I tell the other two, "Get onto the couch so I can see your asses better." They get on and I can see their under-boobs. I can see them hoping for their turn soon. I have to do [i]it[/i].

[i]Yes do. Do it do it. You're so close to the pearly gates. Just drive it on in.[/i]

While my fingers are no longer lodged inside I lean and bite the officer's neck while covering her mouth. I do it viciously and squeeze her mouth covering her nose. The blood taste taints my mouth.

[i]Bitch you don't suck my cock and get away with it bitch I'll fuck your life. Fucking take it you gotta suck this cum into your fat pussy.[/i]

(This hurts her. At first she jerks her shoulder then her face contorts. Then she tries screaming into the cushion. She loses consciousness crying into a death-like sleep. Shhh. Shhh. Everything's ok. Heal.)

After the contractions of my pelvic floor slows down, the tip of my dick shrinks. Her wet mound at her crotch is frothing. There are some quiet whistles when my excess cum escapes her. I pull out.

I've punctured her privates. She's spilling out. I've punctured her neck. I've very brutally mauled Officer Smooth Lips.

I did something terrible, her shoulder. I might have killed her. Her oozing cunt runs white and a bloody mark on her shoulder tells the story. It's fading.

Guilty. And turned on. I'm invigorated.

I can do [i]that[/i]?

(No. These are normal women. It was us.)

She's still breathing, for now. A little antiseptic will do wonders.

I see her butthole. Wow. Great pussy there too. What an amazing woman. I can't help imagining using her completely.

I'll tell her I'm in love, it's a creampie sort of love, "I really enjoyed it. Really. I came so much. It's because you're so beautiful. We can do it again anytime. For now, I need to be fair."

Actually. I think I've run out of sperm, I came way more than I ever expected I could.

I seem to hear someone telling me, [i]"You're welcome."[/i]

(Take a break. Jerk off. Come back when you're ready.)

*****
[hr]

One on the left. One on the right. Amazing women, wet, ready for me.

[i]I didn't do anything she didn't like. Women scream during sex. She enjoyed it.[/i]

I fear a moment ago I might have killed someone. She's breathing. It's reassuring she hasn't died yet.

I think I heard a mumur of disapproval from the princess while I enjoyed finishing the officer thoroughly, but that can't be. She wouldn't be a spoiled brat.

There's a fourth woman close on the couch. Not the princess. The one who wanted to try fingering my butt.

I take a look at my penis. I came and it's still hard. I touch my ballsack, wet from girlcum. It feels like the veins are swelling and I need to do it again.

I ask, "Can we make this any better?"

The bestower say, "Certainly. Surprise."

I feel an oncoming erection. It's pumping up a little at a time like an immature prick.

I don't understand. I just came. I can't possibly have an erection growing. The pussy squeeze she put on me forced the blood out. It should stay flaccid for a few minutes...

"Do you like it?" she asks.

"What is this?" I ask.

My penis is long. [i]That is NOT my penis.[/i] My penis is [i]hard[/i] and turning blue, and harder. It's not like how I'd immediately expect. It's perfect, stiff, and ridged with bumps like a dildo.

I feel an erection. A different erection. Am I going crazy or is that? I have to ask, "Is that a [i]second[/i] penis?" It touches my hand and seems to restrain itself from fighting me, only enough to grow fatter and stand up pressing my hand into the one above.

Gemini penises. There's something else.

[i]My penises are ribbed.[/i]

There's something wrong.

My penises are thrumming, they're humming, I can [i]hear[/i] them.

One is letting out a low, fierce growl, and the other is like a bulb electrically virring.

I can feel the top one. It's vibrating.

"What is going on?" I plead for an answer.

That feeling is back. My erections are both so incredibly uncomfortable. I need to masturbate. My hands grasp them and they somehow resist. The feeling gets worse. [i]Why would you do that if you have such a beautiful receptacle right there? Look where we're pointing. That's it.[/i] What I couldn't see about them now becomes so fucking obvious. [i]That's it. Do her right there where we want you.[/i]

"It's called diphallia," I'm informed by the muse. Well that's just great.

More importantly the vibrating cocks are pulsating and contracting forcing my hands open even as I grasp at them.

"What in the fuck are these?"

My energy is returning. I lock my gaze to the women. I'm really horny. I swallow, something stuck in my throat. Am I crying?

I think something's escaping the tip of my penis, but then there are two of them?!? So either one's on the verge of climax. It's too intense I must be precumming.

I can't focus anymore.

I'm vaguely aware the cops are fingering women behind me. It must have started while I was having sex with this woman right now.

I take the bunnygirl by her hips and get on my knees. I feel under the hood. She's incredibly wet. I work my way into her with my finger and stare at her anus.

It's beautiful.

"Oh fuck this." My two brand-new brains are ready to take over. "Do you want to see what's going inside you? You lucky little... girl." That slipped out. I'm painfully aware of how small she is.

[i]I'm about to ruin it. She won't accept these monsters and then what? I'll show everyone else?[/i]

I breathe quickly. Anticipating the mistake I must make. She'll reject me as a mate. Then I'll..

[i]Force her. She can't say no. She must accept me. She's already mine.[/i]

She looks and she seems to recognize a certain danger. Her cervix reorients, leaking, and her ass twitches, faster faster. If she wasn't expecting anal sex before she was now. I can't imagine what's going through her head. Her glutes twitch and I think she's getting into it. Is she having an orgasm? She's ovulating so incredibly much.

"Hu... Huuh?" I exasperate. "I'm going to use your ass. Ok?" I tell her. Dumbly. [i]No shit, ok? No shit. Don't ask just do it.[/i] I pull her closer and she reaches with her mouth and laps at the heads of both cocks. "I'm going to cum in your pussy too. Bunny. You want it?"

"We have to question them together," the police say.

[i]These are my girls. Stay away.[/i]

I let the bunnygirl play with my cocks. I slap her ass. I slip a hand under her left tit.

[i]We need to get it on already.[/i]

I tell her, "It's time we finish." I let her rest back in the couch face to the back-cushion. Her legs bend and I get a good look at her flexed calf.

I have a chance to see from this bent-over position her anus and cunt are both propped up and sticking out at the ready for me. Lubricated as ever they were before. With her ass-bone high her inputs are as deep as they can go. I think I'll really be incapable of escaping once I go in. The need to feel this is not a gift, it's a curse.

I touch my cocks with my hands to get them in position. I try working them one at a time. Resistance.

I finger her ass and push against her lower lips with the thick growling cock that sputters as it gets creased into her. [i]Fucking finally.[/i] I can't tell if I'm thinking it or being told anymore it's an absolute necessity this happens.

The thrumming dick above is vibing her anus and after catching it I shove my palm against the head and lean in to encourage the restless humming thing inside.

"A little help," I say. "I need to use your butt too." She wiggles her butt. "No. Not like that. Can you spread more?"

She's enjoying the first penis too much to care. I grab both sides of her ass and pull her anus open. I just need to get inside.

My penises grind into her and slip in. They grind to a halt as she contracts around. She lets out a belated yelp.

"I understand," I say. I understand there's something extremely out of the ordinary about my new, diphallic cocks. I know they're not supposed to vibrate, I know they're not supposed to move so much on their own or make hissing noises, or thrum like a guitar chord, or ejaculate boiling precum, but they fucking do. "Now I'll cook you from the inside-out."

I pinch the fat of her ass. I've never felt so good.

I have to try [i]that[/i].

I spank her ass cheeks and grind them around. Her welcoming embrace slips around inside this is nothing I can't enjoy.

(Here's a little insight into what she's thinking. Penis goes brrrr.)

I feel a wave of pleasure and I'm not sure if it's ever going to stop, or which of my cocks is cumming. Ejaculate exits her pussy with a hiss and she starts moaning. I came?

Her knees buck and her ass works around my upper phallus. Her motor from before has restarted and her pussy is twitching like it's trying to find the rhythm that'll satisfy its master. She'll finish sooner than I can, this time, I'm absolutely certain.

She picks up the pace and her ass is practically jackhammering me. She starts yelling in a scratchy voice as she forces her own anal intercourse.

"Cum baby cum. Hurry," she says.

I remind her, "You're all tied up. Unngnnaahh." My hips relax and contract forcing me to catch myself. Then I have that urge again. I'm going to cum in some strange new disgusting way. I have to finish my way. "You're all tied up. Scream if you want."

I put my weight on her. She's so small. I plant a kiss on her shoulder and move into her neck. My hand scoops up her big tits and I embrace her.

She keeps moving while I'm upping the intensity. She decreases the distance and relies on her contracting kegels more. She returns to moaning.

"You came?" I ask. She whines and breathes quickly from the shallow thrusting.

I plant a kiss on her neck and bare my teeth.

Her soft skin lets my teeth sink in and she screams. Her skin is loose and easily fits in my mouth. I need to cum, now.

I move on instinct. I grab her face and pull her back into me, I put my weight on her forcing her stomach into her knees.

[i]Like the officer I'm going to destroy this woman.[/i]

I'm crushing her. I put my arms on her head in a sleeper hold.

I push all the way in and I swear I'll cum into her, every part of her.

OH!

Well. It ends here. Anymore, I can't stop, "I'm cumming." Something's definitely happening. But there's a good ten agonizing seconds of contorting muscle contractions before I hear fwoooooosh!

Well then!

My full attention is on the part of me doing [i]that[/i]. I can't tell which of them made so much noise but I now know what it feels to be a fire hose instead of a squirtgun.

She reacts like I slapped her. As I cum she starts trying to stand up and holds her shoulder up to protect her chest. She slaps her soft little hand backwards to stop me. This brings my attention to her wriggling tail.

I'm doing it inside her. This is just how I want it now.

There's an audible gurgling as bubbles escape her insides. A cool sensation washes over my crotch as she douses my flames in her own girlcum. The one in her ass continues pulsating and vibrating. The one in her pussy has grabbed her and won't let go.

She squeals and writhes from the pleasure. I can't remember what I thought, but viciously destroying the officer and now climaxing so loud in this uncouth maid flipping her shit gives me a very strange feeling.

She's groaning a long painful sounding climax and her body's twitching.

Her tight little cunt relaxes and I feel both cocks bottom out as her weight shifted up high enough to come down on them. She re-catches them after slipping. Her contractions firmly massage the base as my nuts and prostate empty. With her glutes twitching and her legs twitching, her cunt and anal give a good last ditch effort to milk every last drop.

I realize I'm gripping her as hard as I can squeezing her into me. I loosen my grip. She gets back on her front again and rests.

After I pull out I feel her pussy with my fingers. She reacts so I finger her to climax telling her, "you did really good." Then I spank her clit. I can't honestly tell how much was her and how much was my new bestowal.

I really like this girl. I lean close to her and whisper, "I bet you've never been fucked so well in your life." She's still going to cum for me, one more time.

I rub my finger along bringing her slowly to climax. She tilts her head up and whines. Faster, a little harder, am I hitting the right spot. "How's that?" Slight moaning.

"Yes there!" she tells me when I got it.

I work my fingers and then switch to my knuckles. Her legs move I think she's close. I switch back to fingers and rub into her spot until she shudders. Faster now. I know how to do this. I don't know how I know, she will.

"Ohoh uhh. Huuh," she starts a little high pitched and then just breathes in and out like she's out of breath. Her legs shake a little. It's not the same as penetrating her was. I just have to hope it felt good and was not some kind of time waster.

(She'll fuck him later. If she has a shot. Count on it.)

*****
[hr]

"Are you still horny?" asks the goddess, "You want to use me too?"

[i]'Use me,' she says.[/i] I don't like how she started this, not one bit. I tell her that sometimes, she's a slut. Now she's assertive that I could objectify her, not at all coy.

I can't. It's not possible. "I'm tired," I tell her. My eyes rest on the model on the left side. "Unless. My energy returns like before?" After blowing two monster cocks fully loaded into some delicate cute... ... I get to try the same on this beautiful creature.

"You're such a monster," she keeps at it. "You get off abusing the women who'd have sex with you."

[i]'You're a monster. Abusing. You get off abusing.'[/i]

What? I never thought she'd accuse me so spitefully. There wasn't any abuse. 

"Look," she says with a palm facing up.

I look at the aftermath.

(Try explaining that. Hero.)

What have I done? I don't believe it there's something going wrong, terribly wrong.

... I can't.

(The hero's about to have a memory lapse. This is too much of a burden on him.)

(His sins will wash away and he'll be able to indulge like he's never felt it before. It will happen again, and again, until he's learned his lesson. We are eternal.)

*****
[hr]

Where am I?

I turn around and see what's been happening.

Women are lined up next to tables and bookshelves. They're dressed like maids, anime-inspired costumes. They look like little girls.

"What is this place?"

The women are handcuffed. They're tied up. They're tied down. They're tied onto things.

They're being molested. They're being provoked verbally.

Police. [i]Pigs.[/i]

The women getting bound have torn clothes. Fingers are up their asses. Spankings. Handcuffs. Gags.

"I want to do that too," I say.

Why am I like this?

My hand creases the generous swell of someone... I know intimately. I feel sore, my pants, my clothes are off. We must have been having sex. Something's wrong.

The officer on the couch takes my arm. She doesn't say anything and hands me handcuffs. She pushes out her chest and sticks her ass out. I think she's offering.

I notice ribbons on her.

I turn to see the princess, she says something [i]arcane[/i]. I feel invigorated.

"Did you just do something?" I ask. She shrugs and her generous tits move me.

The princess tells me, "That woman's a lieutenant. It's just a costume. This is just a little play. Enjoy.

"If you get her naked, you won't be disappointed. She's the commander. Think of it as foreshadowing."

"What do you mean?" I ask.

She smiles. She nods. She tells me, "It's ok if I tell you. You should try to get in bed with the most powerful."

The most powerful. But that's. I tell her outright, "You want me to have sex with [i]you[/i]. You are such a fucking bitch! I hate you. Why are you trying to control me?" [i]Was that a wrong answer?[/i]

She shakes her head. It ends here. She's shaking her head while trying to make sure I am paying attention.

(She can read his mind, just like us.)

The lieutenant tries to get my attention tugging at my arm. She has on a dark blue shirt. She has ribbons, her badge is fancier. Her shirt's unbuttoned enough that her center cleavage is visible.

"Hey," she says. "Look. You're not the only man here. Do what you have to." She motions her head.

I see one of the men prodding a short girl in a sailor suit directly with his penis. For some reason this makes me madder.

"I want all these women to myself."

"That's not real," says the princess. "You know most of these women aren't virgins... uh." She begins a wan motion and expressively her face moves to display it while she tries to hold it back. That was the strangest thing I've seen her do, ever.

As she does that she tries to talk and cover it up some more.

"Oh no. Besides," she continues, "you haven't planted your seed in this one yet. Just how many women do you think you can handle if you aren't done with the first three being offered to you?"

I'm upset enough I stop talking to her. She's right.

I forget the foreplay and put my lower cock into the model.

My cock. It fucking bites her and spits. "Aah!" I impotently scream. The thing's got its little teeth and a mouth! It's hissing. I didn't even notice. This bitch I just met lets out a scream.

What's happening? I bring my hand down quickly slapping her close enough to her face. Was I fighting her? She's hot.

[i]This is wrong.[/i] Even though I think that, it doesn't change what I almost did, she lets a high pitched moan grace my ears.

Her beautiful wet pussy takes it in and the fat ribbing slips into her tight sheath.

I shiver. She must have been, but then why was I swinging my arm, I almost slapped her and ended up gently tapping her shoulder.

Her inner folds squeeze. My lower half is letting it all go. This is a new sensation. I've never, I'm so deep, my penis feels so good. "Will you have a baby? This is how babies get made." I say that but... It ends here.

We have sex for some time and the grip she has massages my knob so well. I feel like it's taking a while. The insides of her pussy are so delicious my penis is throbbing in ecstasy long before I start to wonder, why? I grab near her tis under her armpits and claw her, she jolts but her pussy is grabbing me down there she doesn't move. She squeals as I tickle her.

"No no no stop," she begs. Tickle tickle. She squeals loudly and I do stop, just to unhook her bra and see what else I can take off her. She shouts loudly. I'm stunned by how good the sex feels. I slip my hand in front and finally grop big huge massive torpedo tits. "You're hurting." NO I'm NOT.

My orgasm starts and it feels wrong. It feels really... "This is better than anything. I didn't think it could get any better. Oh damn... it's really good," I tell her. Why's she so quiet? She should be telling me she likes it, but she's taking a strange face-down position. Her tits are still out there, she's given into me. She's a defeated piece of meat I'm fucking, how good it must feel to be her then.

[i]Let's hurt her together.[/i]

I pump in and out of her and she rails, crying loud between her own tits.

"What are you crying for?" I say.

"My fucking pussy. You... you're breaking my fucking pussy," she cries. Oh she cries.

"It's just sex. I can't possibly, like this. Calm down. This isn't your first time, is it?" I didn't consider that.

"No," she says. She shakes her head.

Her lower half pulls away but not far enough. While I'm cumming in such a fine lady, I push back in to fill her completely. I notice something, a dildo, I press it down into the crack of her ass and grind out an assjob to enjoy the view. When I do that I'm startled, it's a real penis.

She bends over more sticking her ass upwards. Her face is deep into the couch now, her arms are back behind her knees. Her little splat of dark anus stretches out in the overhead light. Wow.

"That's good. You like it like this huh? Can I stick it in?" Oh maybe not. The angle's no good.

My lower prick slips out and I shiver. Her alluring slit has another visitor ready.

I stick my upper dick in and I press my lips inward anticipating this new feeling and bite them slipping it down inside her. Each knob of the ribbing slips past the entrance with an audible plop.

"Aaaii!" she repeats every single rib.

I have a better view of my upper shaft. After a few minutes, my lower cock re-chambers a round and it wants to cum again. It feels good, and I felt my muscle there contract slapping it into her clit.

(The stiff prick with a bad temper presses into her clit and it bites her. The rough playful nip at her there is bringing her to an orgasm.)

Fuck, I want to bite her clit, why does my dick get to? Why does my dick talk? I can't pull out, she's grabbing me too hard.

[i]Armn ahahahah delicious little bitch. I'll take this, focus on making her exhausted. Armf. Yummy.[/i]

"That's really good," I say. "Drink up all my cum." Now I have a notion what made her so agonized while screwing a few minutes ago.

The sperm dispensing in her flows out and onto her lingerie. I feel my lower cock dripping. Somehow I need to release it in her as well.

"My balls, oh. My balls. I have to cum."

"Does it hurt?" asks the lieutenant.

It's still cumming. I look at her. It's just a crack of her breasts but it's the best thing I know.

I tell her, "I want to feel those tits. Tell me. Who are you?"

"Zipper Witch."

She gives a tilt of her head forward and looks down next to me.

What's there?

This woman. I reach down and feel the woman below. "Woah. These are pretty big." Soft and inviting love balloons. I want to [i]squeeze[/i] them [i]around my dick.[/i] I lift and separate and precum inside her.

Zipper Witch coquettishly murmurs approval, and so does the woman I'm fondling. This sets off a chain of murmurs and giggling behind me.

My cocks relax, and she thrusts her ass up from something happening inside her.

(His pricks are lively and quite capable of stimulating her in other ways besides vibrating.)

I feel an orgasm's onset. I grip her. Yes I grab her tits, my arms slip down under them into a bear-hug and I hold her up. She's taller than the previous woman. But not very.

I bite her neck in view of the lieutenant and the vocalizing from the surrounding women turns from coquettish to shocked squealing.

[i]Do they know what pain is?[/i] I hold still to let them see. This could be [i]you[/i].

I cum inside her and open, still watching the women watching me. Her blood-stained neck suggests I broke skin, I let go. She lands on her elbows, her tits soften the fall and spread out.

The police woman had her boobs out. She is staring at what I just did. I reach over and give her a squeeze to see her nipple plump up before pinching her. She pumps her shoulder up to shrug me away and strangles a cry before stepping back.

"How about it?" I ask.

(This is another good time to take a break. I'm feeding the hero power directly as long as he doesn't have a change of heart.)

*****
[hr]

"I want a titjob. And there are four pairs of tits big enough to get it done. But which one?" I muse aloud.

I didn't know what would happen. I'm not even really sure who any of them are. My dicks re-energize.

Fuck yeah. I have a lot of energy.

My dicks glow red and blue.

I sit down between the boobalicious girls and hold the one in handcuffs against my left side. I see a bunnygirl watching me, fear? Excitement. She's hoping I'll ask her, ok, I'll tell her, "Gorgeous bunny. Come crease my dick with those gorgeous titties."

She works her way off the couch handcuffed and leans forward letting her tits fall into my lap. It certainly is a view. And now her face and valley is lit up like, like...?

I want more. I feel great. "I have a bomb! It's about to explode! I think the blue one is ticking. Tick tick boom bitch! AAAH!" I yell at the top of my lungs.

The B-flat-chested cop presses against me and so does Lieutenant Zipper Witch. It's like I summoned them. Now we're talking. Both their bare chests are free touching me. I'm groping the model in lingerie with my left hand while receiving a titjob. The bunnygirl was frightened, probably more from the yelling than anything. My ballsack's in there along with my two glowing dicks. She's huddled over squeezing them like she's hiding a, a bomb? Ok, she's protecting my dicks with her big tits.

"See that dick near your face," I say. It's blue. "Put those pretty lips on it. I want to fuck the back of your throat."

This elicits a very blank look from the bunnygirl. She slowly comes forward warily, and getting excited, I can see her nipples taught. Her nose is... her nose twitches.

How am I here?

There's a woman with pointed features on her face to my left. Her collar bone's sticking out. She's naked except she's wearing a hat. Blood, is this bad?

I can feel generous tits working to soothe my erection.

"Hoooo!"

I let loose white sperm covering her neck and flooding her valley of sensual flesh. I didn't even get to see her face.

"Oh fuck. It was too fast. Oh your cute little face. Your tits are covered. Oh? Oh!"

Another contraction shuts me up. Again? It's going to blow. My dick has become a bomb!

The officer on my right has soft face features but prominent cheekbones. She presses her tits close to the bunnygirl's face as she orally services me.

Another uncontrolled shot streaks out hitting her face and then jets spurned on by their giggling jiggly bodyparts. They like it. Alright!

"Boom. Ohohoh oooh look at you, that was stupid," I say this. "You cut the wrong. You tripped the bomb it gets on your face. You look like a frosted cupcake now. Yeah try to act like you meant it. You're really going for more?"

My climax keeps going. I can't cover up the fact they're scoring so many points from me.

It gets on her just as good as the girl before. They're becoming a mess. I haven't even played with them at all. I think under all the cum I can see they're beautiful girls. It's disgusting how drenched and sloppy this stuff has gotten all over them. The beautiful girls in disgusting white-gray milk and cyan glowing batter.

I said... something. Did I ruin it by saying that? That was weird.

I see a cock pass between them. I just came. That one's red. Whose penis is that? Mine has the blue glow. That's strange enough. The glowing cum is mine too?

I'm rocked by an orgasm and a second pair of tits grope the red cock. [i]You you yo yo yooo![/i]

"Oh my fucking god. Stop," I tell [i]anyone[/i] who'll listen.

(No. He's talking to his dick.)

Both girls have a unique penis between either of them. The new one's getting overstimulated and it flexes like it has a mind of its own from being touched. It whips unexpectedly shooting a thick rope of semen. It comes to rest and I feel big fat load escape into the head. We watch as a bead of thick stuff grows at the tip.

The commander puts on a bright smile as the stuff splashes her face. The tip of the bead breaks when another rope of cum shoots. I feel the final relief as every last bit exits overflowing, spreading between her breasts.

When the flow subsides I understand. I have two.

I'm feeling two pairs of tits slipping my two burning dicks. They improbably stiffen for more vigorous intercourse.

It's really real.

The red cock spits, it's audible like a pair of lips blowing air. I can feel it work on its own. It's something I hear. The feeling is like a mini orgasm. I'm shocked by it.

The blue cock vibrates enough I see the pool of cum it's covered in splash. The tits, the bunnygirl reacts like it tickled her. It's stimulating my crotch by moving as well. And when two phalli touch, they quickly harden if either of them move.

Someone's hand is feeling my testicles. 

The bunnygirl's mouth slips around her meaty energized snack and glowing milky cyan cum squirts out her cleft and her cheeks puff. It comes out her nose and she coughs. She sticks out her tongue and tightly closes her eyes as she deepthroats it and makes a strangely satisfied sound. Maybe it tastes good. Can it be that good? She pulls away and another clump of it mixed with her snot shoots out her nose. She opens her mouth and tilts her head back so I can see down inside. With the glowing stuff in her mouth I can see down her throat. Her tongue dances around and she involuntarily swallows, then swallows the rest. Her face is still disgustingly covered by it. She can't open her eyes.

My cock rests under her chin like it's glued to her. "Wow... so much," she says and she holds her hands close to admire how much is on her tits. That's only half of it, the rest is making her face look like putty. Her tongue darts out and she proceeds to clean my cock. Another blowjob, right after that. It's really something I can't imagine. She's doing it.

Her face is so nasty. If it wasn't I'd touch her some more.

(She's trying to claim it all to herself now.)

The princess tells her, "Be a good girl and share ok? This gift is for everyone."

One of the admirers I don't look at says, "Is he going to be able to keep going? Wow." She makes a good point, I came so much.

The lieutenant stops using her tits and leans back. There's a lot of saliva coating them from that red cock. I see, the cum is also a mix of glowing pink and moats of grayish-white. It doesn't look like it's done.

I put my hand on the cop's shoulder and give her a squeeze to see if she'll keep going.

Hold that thought, someone's coming.

*****
[hr]

The admirer comes forward. Short. A bunnygirl.

(He held her in his arms before. Lem Lem, she's coming back. By now he's forgotten so much.)

She's adorable! I tell her, "You look like a real toy. Is it ok for me to fuck with a girl so cute? Did we meet earlier?"

She's nodding in approval and offering her womanhood. She's already undressed enough for the deed.

We try connecting. She's facing me. She changes her mind. She's able to seat herself between both my cocks and ride bare between them like a saddle. I immediately start feeling up her firm body. She smacks her crotch towards me because she can't sit still while I touch her like this. I do it a lot more and don't stop even if she whines.

I'm getting an assjob out of it. It's good enough she'll finish me. She turns one-eighty' and her ass is pointed at me. With my dick there I see how generous her swell of butt fat is. That's a very, very luxurious body for a short woman. It's good enough she'll finish me!

"Do you want to be my toy bunny? Are you my little slutty bunny?" She's a dynamite bunnygirl. Really small. A booty. Who who... I don't currently have a term for her bodyshape. She's more butt than chest, but she has the right curves, and in very good shape. I see some parts of her anatomy start uncontrollably twitching, my eyebrows raise. Super bunny hop on this fat cock.

"I can't take it!" she cries.

I think she's overreacting to a little assjob... for her part. I'm actually quite riveted. I want to shoot off all over and spread it around on her.

I hear murmurs.

(Aside: "What's he going to do to her? His cocks will ruin her." That's what the crowds are saying.)

I have to help her reorient properly and put my cocks inside. Super bunnygirl. That'll be what I call her. She jerks away and I cum all over her privates. Someone's there to guide us back together.

I feel a snag.

"Eii!" she squeals at the same time I'm feeling it.

Each failing thrust grinding into her nethers is making her head rock. Her pussy's too sensitive to even reach orgasm before she gets up again shaking.

"Don't. We almost did it. By the way..." I stare at her display. Her privates are chest-high. Something's amazing about it.

(But his brain's a little foggy.)

There's a strand of suds between her clit and there, I see, the lower cock grabbed her in a sensitive spot. That must have been difficult to handle. I really like her incredibly well developed muscles and fat on her butt. I grope there and spread them. "I!!!" she squeaks. Her noise also reflects the thrill filling my chest. I like her anus. "I!!!"

"You're amazingly cute," I offer.

[i]Fuck her.[/i]

I put my arms around her and bring her back. She won't fight.

I lift her up. Both cocks stiffly flick her entrances and I let go of her. Splat. They find their way in.

"Good job," I tell them. "Now let's be gentle. Ok?"

"Ok," she says.

[i]I wasn't talking to you.[/i]

Her sphincter relaxes and gradually slip down

"Oh god! Oh it's hot. Ohh it's cold. OOoooaah! No no bad dick bad. It just moved it just stung me it's. Huahah. Owww. Ow my ass is unnnn that's good! Yeas I love that the one in my ass is good! The one in my pussy is bad! Make it nicer!"

as she beautifully cries certain explicit descriptions of the sensation of her body conjoining with mine. I bottom out.

I'm glad she really likes it.

I grab hold of her again. I start sucking on her neck (gently).

[i]Fuck her harder.[/i]

I slip a finger into her top and feel her nipples in my hands. Her tits are pretty umf! My fingers depress them.

I reach inside and wrap my fingers around her tits. My pinkies touch her chest. I wrap my index and thumb around the mid-point and pinch around them.

Get ready to be milked! [i]Uuhh. I can't[/i].

My dicks pulse like horny bongo drums. They're doing it on their own.

I am trying really really hard to do something lewd here. I dry orgasm while squeezing her tits. I clench my ass and push through it but I moan into her ear for a good solid minute until the sensation is almost bearable. Once I stop I hear she's also. We must have came together, so beautiful.

She's stunned by the feeling and I enjoy her body while snacking on her. I'm licking her face.

I'll try again.

I suggest, "Let's try sitting on the edge of the couch ok?"

She can't stand up from my lap. Her legs swing off the side of the couch. It'll be even stranger if I tried to lean. Well. Maybe.

I squat over the side, no longer seated, and she's able to stand. We have sex standing up. (Asian squat.)

She leans forward. Her arms fall forward like she's a big action figure. This is not what I was thinking of. We stand like this for a few seconds and I'm mesmerized by how lewd this little woman is. I'm going to take in this bent-over ass view of her and grope her hips.

"How about you get on the couch anyways?" I suggest.

I hold her and turn one-eighty so I can stand. Then I drop her an inch so her legs touch the couch. She's in the position. I pump her watching her anus stretch and her ass gape. My gosh, she can't possibly not be feeling this enormous thing going in her. I take extreme precaution.

[i]Do more.[/i]

I squeeze her tits. She's not lactating but I have a greedy pleasure squishing her soft boobs. I bounce them in my hands.

"Hey," says the princess. "Her tits aren't as big as some of ours. Why are you having so much fun with them?"

"Did you just do something to me?" I ask her. "Because. I don't hear you."

She gaffaws at that.

I slap the little woman on her butt. I focus on her hips and grind while screwing her. She's having an orgasm. I can feel one of my own.

I put my arms around her and push through it.

She's totally worn out. I lean back and enjoy the view of her ass connected with me as she slips off gradually. The tip's out and it's a pretty sight. I can see in her gaping ass full of glowing blue cum that billows out. Both her insert points are in the open. Pinkish energy emanates from the cum exiting her vagina.

The whole time I was screwing her I was staring at that little tail. She removed her suit but left the tail.

I bring my hand down slapping her ass. I want her to remember it just as well as I do. She wiggles her soaking wet butt at me.

"Does anyone have a camera?" I ask.

Someone hands me a camera.

I'm such a fucking asshole. I say, "I don't know how to use it."

"Just point at stuff it'll do the rest," I'm told by the princess.

It starts with her. Then I point at the raunchy glowing onahole I slap her ass a few times and she shakes and swerves it.

[i]She's ready for more,[/i] I realize.

I play at her clit for a little while. She must be done now.

*****
[hr]

The scenario was exquisitely indecent. Fantasy. It was almost believable.

Now it becomes pornographic. This is an unbelievable amazing place. I've never felt so good.

I sit back on the couch where I was.

I need to take it all in again. I'm holding a camera now. I snap photos of the women coming to me.

A sailor suit anime schoolgirl and bunnygirl, two brunettes dote on me. The woman in lingerie with red crying eyes and officer on my left with streaked lipstick makeup are getting involved now. I'm mesmerized by the beauty of it.

I don't know photography so I click it while pointing in the general direction.

On me. The bunnygirl's face features are pointed. Her jaw's angular and the crease of her cheekbone close to her nose is there. She keeps an upper-lip tuck.

"Hi. You're really cute. Are you an Asian bunny?"

She shakes her head. She says, "I'm Puerto Rican."

The schoolgirl says, "I'm South African."

They slip their tops up and my two throbbing cocks are in their hands. Tits... Handjob is my first thought. They're more my size I could probably do some interesting things with them.

Nice and hard, they slip the skin around. It's a nice relaxing handjob.

"Can I cum in your mouths?"

They smile and coquettishly, they offer their tongues slowly. They take a look at each other. The lick their lips while feeling my cock with their hands.

"Woah. Did you practice?" I ask. I'm clicking a camera with one hand. I doubt any of the pictures will make it. So forget it.

(Alright let's take the camera away. This was the wrong time for it.)

The princess is offering to take it. I let her.

"Ooh," they say. "I don't know if we can. How about we do it?" They stand up.

They are doubling up. "Oh shit," I tell them.

I hold the one I can see. Dark skin, sailor suit. Like schoolgirls in anime. My hands touch her butt. They slip up her hip and pull her skirt up until she's sitting. The schoolgirl's tits are in my face, I can't guess, B through D, they move away from her swinging slightly so they look much bigger in the lighting. I am almost distracted enough not to notice she's propping herself with my upper prick getting it in. I open my mouth and let her nipple smack into my ready tongue.

I reach past and feel the hips of the Puerto Rican bunnygirl sliding back. I'm in her. She starts bucking. I didn't expect her to be a real bunny (like the one before)! Her insides twitch like a little motor clicking as her gears slip past my intruding sexual member. Her ass picks up the pace and flexes her glutes. I'm going to cum before the sailor-suit girl's taken me from her position.

They're able to ride a cock each.

(Hang on.)

The princess waves the camera. It's digital so she then plays the video on loop and shows it to me.

"Well that's..."

Their butts are pressed together. "Ooh, that's good," I encourage this. "That's really good."

They climax and the princess records it. Then she shows me.

"Fucking hot damn!" I tell her.

While watching, one of my dicks go off.

It makes the other one ready and the princess records the payload. I feel like I'm creaming them really good.

She has something, "ohoho!"

"What is it?" I ask.

"Check it out."

What she shows me is an indescribably satisfying image. Loose trails of cum fall out as I climax, the red one especially. It blasts out of the bunnygirl's nethers. The cum shoots straight up past her tail before falling like a strand of yarn. There's a quake in the schoolgirl's backside as she climaxes and my vibrating blue cock fires. They take the loads at first. The red penis somehow pulls loose and gets an assjob between two of them.

They do this multiple times.

My cocks are reinserted. There's some magic happening I know it, I just saw it on film. I can't see from this angle. Too bad.

I hear their asses slapping together as they're brought to orgasm covered by glowing fluid and my own ecstatically ejaculating cocks continue to cream their tight folds and gel their privates up from excess.

The princess records this aftermath and shows me. It's like it's second nature to her. She did it. It's better than I imagined.

The recording is...!

There's a thick coat of the stuff now mixed on both their butts and they're grinding their asses together as much as they're enjoying the penis inside. They bend forward more and their butts touch kissing. They clap their asses together for the last orgasm. Their exposed anuses are covered as my cocks escape. They sit back into them. The space between them fills up with a magical glowing pool, then they separate. For a final flair the princess looks into the camera and does a peace sign, then the schoolgirl saw her do it, so she does it too. Then it focuses on the bunnygirl who innocently does nothing and resists smiling. So the camera pans back to her drenched privates and back up to her face. She covers her face and the recording stops.

(Once they knew they were on camera they got creative.)

I somehow managed to endure.

*****
[hr]

They get up. The school girl gives me a gentle touch with her fingers as she leaves.

"Is it over? I have so much more love to give!"

"It's not over," says the lieutenant.

Her tits are out. She pulls her skirt up and she presents her ass to me. She hooks a right index finger into the panties and yanks aside.

Oh. That's it. That's the stuff.

It's really bumpy, shaven, I think it's soft and it's pretty well tucked in there. [i]We've been going easy, how about we bring her to the edge?[/i]

Her vagina's pretty tight looking like her leg muscles are crowding a little but it's not vanishing. She must play with it. It's already wet from all this excitement.

She puts it on my face.

She's face-sitting me while stroking my cocks. I'm already hard enough. The stuff is getting on her hands. She starts cleaning them with her mouth, what's she planning?

Her butt's dry so I let my saliva come out onto the edges surrounding it. I don't like her [i]enough[/i] to risk anything there. Besides, don't they have lubricant?

[i]That should be enough.[/i]

I tell her, "Lube your butt. I'm going to seriously fuck your ass now." Then I gently add, "I hope you like it."

I push her away and she stands up. She fingers her butt rubbing in the spit and the cum on her hand. She repositions ass-first.

I think she'll like it!

She gets on and slips my blue upper-cock in her cunt so I can see her ass as she works it.

Not her butt? "I said. Then you. You're not making sense. Put it in your aaaahh."

I see a girl come closer. She kneels to give her cunnilingus. I definitely don't recognize her.

"Who's she?"

(He has never seen her.)

I feel hands. She cups my balls. I feel a squeeze. I push my hips in.

[i]I want to shove my cock upwards and cum. Right on her face. Cum right on her. Come on. I'm ready for it.[/i]

My lower member is enveloped and tongue runs around it. The thing is, I can't tell, was it her I was feeling or the one in front?

The model in lingerie turns to face me and her tits get in my face. She climbs up and silently negotiates her position. She's in the way of the commander. I see their asses touch. [i]This gonna happen again oh oh baby. Oh that video was smoking hot, let it happen.[/i]

She's in my lap too now. I feel my cocks suddenly cool off as they slip out their well deserved coital holds. It's a tight grip squeezing the head of one, that must be the puss not willing to let go of the dee. Then it reverses like show me how bad you want this puss.

I feel one going back in its well deserved coital slutbanghole, and the model slips back. That's definitely hers. Oh it's a good puss, oh it's a pussy puss she's trained it like a killer cock gobbling smoosh'n'suck.

There's another penetration out of view. That's a pussy too? My cock there is a fighter but it lets that thing gobble up without a flick of its tongue. I can tell, it likes it.

"Oh here we go. This is amazing," I tell them. "This time though, you should start by slapping your asses together. I liked seeing that on video."

(That's a pussy... he's mistaken something here.)

Model and lieutenant are ass-to-ass riding me. My cock out of view is in a mystery hole.

"Can I see that?" I ask the princess.

She shakes her head.

The princess is doing some camera work. Her expression looks impressed.

They only needed to slip in my cocks and put the squeeze on. What's this?

With big tits in my face, my hands find themselves occupied. Beautiful tits I'll suck. I go in and roll my tongue around, to the pleasure of us both.

What is going on?

They're big. I have this big milky looking tits. The woman was all dressed for fucking. Is she my girlfriend?

We're having sex and I've got her delicate parts in my mouth.

It feels good. The stress is melting out of me. There's a grip massaging and stroking and pulling me up into my sensitive place.

Oh wow.

I narrow down my concentration on her nipple, even while I'm being so thoroughly ridden. [i]I want to fuck her tits. She's pretty good though.[/i]

She has good tits. I'm playing with her nipples feeling them stiffen. Her tits are soft and squish against my face.

She must have noticed my fixation had gone wild about now her nipples peak a. She leans to one side to let me more easily suck at her.

The princess says, "This is so fun. You better treat me like that. Who's going to ride next?"

[i]I'm not some kind of cum dispensing dildo[/i] at the sight of my cum spilling out of the model like a fountain dripping in multiple directions I change my mind.

It ends here.

[i]Let them come.[/i]

*****
[hr]

The lieutenant's still on me but not currently having sex with me. What's up?

I ask, "Why are we naked and not having sex now?"

A woman comes around to me wearing white lingerie. A little stylized. She has a sort-of petite face on a thin and tall frame. I actually think this is really cute and admire her narrow waistline.

She's not advancing. She's next to me watching.

"Hi there. Are you going to join me?" I ask.

The princess offers me the video camera. What's on it? I can't quite figure out at first.

The image's too close to the action. The camera moves back slightly and I see the lingerie model with huge tits. Three women are sitting on one body engulfing it in their sensual curves. Legs mostly, but definitely sex. Ok, this is me. Then, in that case, what am I seeing?

The woman in white lingerie's pussy lights up with red glowing liquid and the model's follows blue.

"Ohoh fuck!" I shout.

I recognize the face and those huge tits from the model. She's right here on me so I look back at her. It's pretty hot.

"Girl you took a massive cumshot. Can I see your pussy? Also. What's this?" I ask. The princess giggles and puts the camera down. She walks away. "Seriously. No I'm not jokin'. Are you going to tell me what's happening?" The lieutenant slips forward and then starts fucking me. "No, I'm ok. I'll hang out with the three of you. I love this." I see my dick's only touching her butt. I try to get a better look.

The woman in white lingerie takes point. She's above my cock and I see red energy dripping out of her. It sparks and my blue phallus flexes. She puts it in and sighs and moans immediately, then gradually slides down. I uhh. I... I know there's a lot of crackling and the snaps along my glans are tingling me like crazy. She slowly slides down. There's no question, we're both getting screwed.

The energy fighting between us. Her fully loaded pussy is releasing the cum, and pink energy. The cum that wants to get out of this blue cock to impregnate her is firing every nerve up my urethra and making my scrotum contract. The phallus itself hums and glows like a tuning fork. There'a jolt and light between us as our incompatible fluids explode like a few hundred gigawats striking ground.

She screams and I think I'm having an orgasm.

She doesn't look happy but in a second she throws her head back and climaxes. I'm feeling something just as powerful about this.

I think I'm having a simultaneous orgasm.

I think I'm having sex.

(It goes on like this for a long time. Pass-out drunk sex.)

(Forcefully combined, the energies of both enchanted cum, the heat of passion and desire, can have some interesting results. We like to watch regular zealots fight this way too. The hero finally knows what it's like. The lucky woman he just met won't be able to forget.)

I grope her hips and thighs and ass. I cum out of my other dick with a sound of percussion and the lieutenant groans and stands up. Oh... was that too hard? "Get back. I'm not... I haven't finished cumming."

[i]Screech![/i] My cock must have had the same idea and the commander squeals slipping back onto me. She's being fucked by the one red demon. [i]Bitch isn't even lightweight. Think you can help me here? Grab her arms I want to slam hard enough her insides get worn out. Hey listen to me![/i]

The maid's still fucking me and she climaxes again. I cum inside her and she squeals, a strand of globby cum exits her. All the red is out now, it's all bluish energy.

I'm feeling peckish so I pull down her bra and suck her tits. I admire their shape just long enough to figure out how wide I should open my mouth. Then I slurp around the areolae and lick at her.

I switch to the other. Past the woman... women? There's a third. My hands grope at who must be screwing me down there. She might be a B-cup.

[i]I bet I could eat this woman. Screech![/i] Half of it in my head, half I swear was coming out of her pussy.

There's no urgency to screw her any harder than she already is. I think, it's time she get a rest.

This woman wearing white, I say, "Take a break." I ask the princess for camera, but she's not there. I pick it up.

I pick up the camera and watch the playback. The woman in white's kneeling. Her body shivers massaging me. A woman is practically sitting on her, then she shifts forward unsheathing a blue cock. The intercourse continues to grow more passionate. Dark red lingerie, big tits. The woman in white mounts the red one sandwiching the lieutenant in the middle and cum flies. Then she extracts the mean red cock, which finds its way into the commander, and the new girl replaces the model up on my front. A lightshow begins. Their bodies the dark red lingerie and tanned skin is hit by the splashing cum.

While I watch this I have several climaxes.

I hear a long sigh and the police woman finally escapes the clutch of the red prick. She breathes deep and sighs, the crimson energy drips down her legs.

Is she alright? It ends here. I just keep coming. I have a similar thought of the girl in white that's passed out on me, even though, I cum in her.

The model slips and grabs my red penis so she can stand up unmolested. My hands feel empty so I finish inside the one that's left embracing her in a hug while I suck on her neck.

(The lucky woman he just met won't be able to forget. He forgets.)

(His demon is dissatisfied. Violence.)

*****
[hr]

This cute woman in white. Brunette. Long eyelashes.

[i]Wouldn't it Be nice to See her Beg for Mercy?[/i]

This isn't me.

I tear at her clothes and turn her around to spank her. I change my mind. I get on her front on the couch and continue. My pricks have found their way in both her spots. She'll be unable to fight. She wakes up distraught from the pain of it.

"Let me see your face."

I grab her squeeing her mouth. Like. Lick. Licking her. [i]I'll ruin her.[/i]

I stop and put my weight on her. She can't get away, and now she'll have to struggle to breath.

I hear murmurs, confusion. [i]Why's he suddenly so focused, he she all that?[/i] I hear voices. [i]Is he going to bite her? He killed...[/i]

I lick my lips. I've cum so much in her and she's still not satisfied. Well, that makes two of us.

"Look at this," I tell the onlookers. "This is what'll happen."

What? No. Stop!

I punch.

While she's still doubled over from that I fuck her. She finally relaxes. Stop it! I start slapping her hips.

[i]Pretty good right? You can't tell me this isn't doing anything, for us, it's heaven.[/i] I disagree, I was just in heaven. This is torture.

"I'm not doing this. I can't stop. Just... endure."

I keep spanking her just to see how far I can get her ass to jiggle. I pound my fists into her back. I slam her middle back seeing her spine give from the shock. Her soft body accepts my hands, buried into her, she completely collapses.

(He can't remember any of this.)

*****
[hr]

Women in uniform come. They have amazingly smooth skin, lotioned and oily smooth faces and their necks. They hide their eyes. I'm trying to get a better look.

They're about as gentle as any of the maids have been.

I was having sex and the woman in front of me has collapsed from exhaustion. She's whining pitifully.

"Was I too rough? You really took it, so well. I think, I love you."

I'm a little tired.

(He was not going easy on her, every time he passed out, on the video, he showed force. The truth is ugly. She'll bruise within the hour.)

(He did it with every last one watching. They all wonder, will he do it to them? But they aren't allowed to stop him.)

A girthy woman's taken the angry dick and begins petting it like it's a cat. Her hand wraps around now. She strokes down.

Understandably, the thing's got a mind of its own. It begins to reciprocate and calm down before acting like a normal penis.

Her hand's dry at first.

I see a bottle come out. Her hand's lotioned and she repeats.

The woman smiles and plays with the mouth. Slipping her fingers around the glans she separates the foreskin and gets the lotion under. She's taken quite a liking to it, I can see on her face this is impressing her. She palms the base of my cock with one hand and her finger strokes over the lips at the tip of my penis and sends a shock up my spine. She opens her mouth responding to the little jolt as well. Or maybe she just liked the expression I made.

She unbuttons her blouse revealing her restrained tits. [i]Things are picking up pace again. Soon I'll be balls deep in another place.[/i] First I'm thinking of having sex with her. It dawns on me she's orally inclined. She undoes the bra from the front. This is quite nice to look at.

She goes down and sucks at the cock. She was aiming for that the whole time! Her lips move over the head. She does it very gently and her tongue's not very well engaged. Only occasionally I feel her lick the ridge under the shaft. Her hat gets in the way of me fully enjoying the view.

She brings her hand up to feel my thrumming penis. It vibrates quickly and even somehow flicks vibrantly full of life, a wicked flailing tail stiff and emanating its brilliance while piercing the air with its tune like a solid metal shaft. She takes her hand away like it tickled her. NO SHIT. NOW DO IT IN HER PUSSY FOR THE UMTEENTH TIME.

A thin officer gets behind her and reaches over to begin servicing my blue cock. She somehow endures, the lotion smacks and splatters but with vibrations are resonating up into my chest, I guess she'll feel it up her arm, too. She has a similar motif now, hiding her face. I stare at her belly button slightly vibrate, I'm not even inside her, as my phalli are massaged to a blissful state.

I look around now that I've gotten used to it. Maids. Police women. Naked girls that could be either.

[i]They've been bound up and gagged and men are fucking them.[/i]

[i]HEY YOU'VE GOTTA DEAL WITH THIS.[/i]

What the fuck?

Their faces are drenched by cum. They shut their eyes as the men ejaculate onto their face. Oh? I misunderstood. The men have their dicks in the women's mouths.

[i]HEY VRRRURURU PAPAPA DRRA DRRA DRRURUA![/i]

(One demon has fallen to rest. The other has... taken its place.)

The gagged women have to gutturally squeal their climaxes and the men brutishly grunt out theirs. [i]Am I in a porno shoot?[/i]

Closer to me is a bunnygirl in a traditional bunny suit. Two police are molesting her roughly. They bring her to me after I've watched for a minute or two. I clasp my hand to my chest.

"For me?" I ask. She's cute.

The pair of women servicing me slow their massaging. My two ridged prongs of fucking are as stiff as wood, no longer displaying any lifelike properties. I feel my abs pulse, the blood pumping back into them, a repeated reminder where my loyalties lie. Getting my dicks wet, getting the stuff out of them, and the feelings inside I can't express any other way but to cum.

An officer joins the molested bunnygirl while I'm still being massaged. She's incredibly big-breasted, voluptuous, killer body. She's lotioned on her neck and face like the other two. She's hiding her face under her hat. She has on a skirt and empty holster. The belly-shirt uniform doesn't hide her under-boob much at all. The shirt's tight around her upper arms and I think it might be too small for her. Her top.

"I think you're about to pop out of your shirt officer," I warn, I hope.

The women massaging my cocks stop. They stand up out of the way. They get more comfortable, adjusting their clothes, loosening the taught material, and undressing. They unbutton almost spilling their cleavage out. Only, they stop. Is that not the end? They slip off their panties. Their small bushes of pussy hair visible I could see enough. I'll be having sex with them. All three of the police women. Four (Thinking of the lieutenant). And then there's a bunnygirl they brought over. If this is a porno, she's the sub they'll let me, do, nasty. I can't think anymore.

The maid and extra-large busty officer come close. The officer is huge in the chest. I acknowledge the bunnygirl has big tits as well. Not as big.

"Wynn Doas, call me," she says. "My name's Wynn Doas. We met."

(It's her. The one who gave him liquor. He's not seeing her.)

I say, "Doe." That was enough for her to scrunch her face like she'll blush. Her face is plump smooth. Her skin across her whole body is smooth and exquisite like she has a fine fuzz hiding her pores.

As far as I can tell, all four of the women I've seen are immaculate, but these two look natural.

(The new cop's special. A goodie. Nothing will displease her. She's ready for all of it.)

Officer on left. Bunnygirl on right. Both have plump facial features and angular jaws.

"You have cute faces. I can't wait to feel them suck my dick."

They place their faces together with my cock between them. They're rubbing into the glans really gratuitously with their soft cheeks. It can't be a mistake. They're stroking it with their faces. It rubs into their noses. They hold it between them and press together.

I can see the bunnygirl smiling at me eagerly. The cop's pushing her hat down more with her hand and turning her head left a little more so... if I came right this instant it'd be up her nose.

I reach to rub their shoulders and faces. While I do that I watch.

They kiss, gradually they fight their smiles and barely resist touching my cocks with their hands. They get back down on the blue thrumming one, it's been specially active.

They're still kissing. Just a little bit more. Their wet lips smack together from suction. The head of my blue cock feels the breath from their mouths on it as they passionately smother each other. Their tongues come out in view French-kissing and graze me.

They carefully separate. "Are you going to laugh if you cover us in cum?" asks the maid. Yeah.

I shake my head. 'No.'

They kiss and the tip of my blue penis slips past the edges of their mouths while kissing. I feel every bump of their lips and their tongues feeling past it as they reach across to lick the other woman's tongue.

"How about now?" asks the maid, sounding more like "hmm abmt mmn?" carefully speaking like a ventriloquist even while their mouths are so close to my penis. I feel her breath on it.

[i]I'm not going to answer that.[/i]

The line between police and servants is blurring. [i]Cum in their mouths like this, as they would like it.[/i] How bad they want to drink my cum? Just suck the head and make it happen.

(He's distracted. Things are happening around him, he looks over to see it, there are men enjoying women for themselves. He wants to do such bad things, or escape.)

[i]The women being raped. The experience I indulged in so far.[/i]

[i]The thought is so terrible. I want to laugh in their faces while I cum on them.[/i]

Why did she ask me that?

[i]My hands are free. I can fuck their throats.[/i]

"You cock sucking whores. You'll choke on every last drop."

I grip them. They don't seem to care. They continue locking lips while my cock goes directly between them and they focus on it. The wet squelches stop and turn into lewd mewling and murmuring.

Do they like the taste so much? They can't help make such naughty sounds?

Their lips press down and the head slips to the side facing me making a nice round bubble shape before they rub their mouths around it slipping it in and out. It makes a nice wet smack as their lips lose suction. They breathe out and tickle it with their tongues try to retrace their steps together. After a few misses and successes they find a rhythm and stroke the cock together with their lips embracing each other.

Aaaah shit if I could pill the cum into their mouths immediately I'd only do it and stop. Oh the feeling of this amazing oral. It's never this good I think there's a chance it's the best thing ever like I'm on the verge of climax every second.

They pitch their voices higher enticingly. They sound like they're salivating over the best thing they've ever had.

I don't really have the power to deny what I'm hearing, seeing, and feeling. Cumming like this would make their day.

(It's a magical kind of dick. They're special women. They're feeling really good right now.)

They go back up and share the head of my cock again, repeatedly, stroking it until the intensity is too much for me. I buck my hips thrusting it. They make a valiant fight to hold it between them. The thing vibrates and I flex the penile muscles urging it to finish until it's out of their control.

(It tickles both of them so bad they have a sneeze and giggle.)

And that was my nice dick.

"Tell me how yummy my dick is."

They're out of breath but they manage a thrilled half-orgasm escape their mouths. Good answer. Then they sneeze.

I see them graciously lick the blue cock before leaving it to settle down. It harmonically challenges the entire process when they're being forced mouth orgasms. Their focus is being drawn to the red one that remains quiet, for now.

"You just can't resist it. Go ahead," I encourage. "You should tell me which cock is better."

The police woman turns her head away to deliberately keep me from seeing her smile.

Both lift up their chests and press them together with the clothes on. Their fingers touch and they touch my penis on the side facing me. I slide my hands down feeling the curve of their breasts. I feel the softness of their waves of bubbly fat under the clothes they wear. I stare, attentive, trying to urge their areolae to come, [i]come on, slip out so I can say hello.[/i]

It's a pretty sight. The bunnygirl is staring at me again. I think, with their tits like this, they're going to give me a titjob. I avoid saying so, so far the women have done everything I wanted.

(He is right.)

[i]What if I told them, I have an evil idea? Would you let me do this to you, too?[/i] My hand slides into the bunnygirl's armpit and the soft skin there is warm. Shaved of course. I poke her just to see her pull her arms in, ticklish.

They tug at their tops slightly, I stop to see the titty show, and they reposition. Their tops are still on.

Their tits are fantastic I can see between the bunnygirl's a lot better because the suit is open and they rest on big cups like two hands. The light reaches down into them. I catch myself salivating. Their tops are still on though!

I reach in and tweak her bunnysuit at the nipple. She jumps an inch upwards quickly sending her rack up far enough they look like they should escape the clutches of her doubledeecup. Jostling mid-air, they even bounce one more time landing back down. I felt my heart doing similar gymastics, ka-thunk.

She paints a big shitty grin on her face like she wants to gnash her teeth. But she resists. She doesn't look away from me. Speaking of teeth she has a very neat pair. Her face is stuck the way I left it.

[i]Mental note. I want to suck her tits so hard.[/i]

The bunnygirl takes the red cock between her clothed breasts. The sensation, compared to their fingers, isn't that intense. It's like she poured a warm oil on me at first.

Her tits grip around it and smash together as her wrists force them around like kneaded dough. Plap. It's cute. Although it's nothing compared to the stimulation of intercourse, it tickles. My docile prick isn't nearly as vicious as it was with... the previous women.

She's able to slap them up and down and the air stokes my ballsack cooling it off. That's pretty good! Her tits are far better at stoking air than hands would be. She stops after three or four pumps, and closes her lips, still holding the general look of distrust.

"Come on. I..." I reach forward and feel for her nipples again, "I..." I'm not sure what I'm trying to say. She has every reason to suspect me.

Her face moves a little bit. She's expressing something I can't grasp.

(The red cock is hot and she's spurring it into action with her titjob. It's salivating and more aggressively twisting between her tits out of sight.)

The cop is done, after watching for a while. After I've tweaked the bunnygirl's nipples again, making her slap my hands away, she gets on my front pecker. Her tits are dwarfing the tiny bunnygirl. The blue cropped police uniform is covering her nipples. There's a lot of underboob.

She lifts them up and spreads the undercarriage. [i]It looks jut like a butt I fucking swear she's got a second ass on her chest.[/i] They drop down around the blue cock that's been kissed all over. [i]HIZZ VRLBLBLBLLBLLAA zow...[/i] What the?

I blank, but I'm still awake. There's feeling in this thrust I try to put it in her chest. Half in my head, and half up my spine, I swear I just came. I look to see the woman's face is in her hands, her tits are shivering from my vibrating [b]cock[/b]!

She is giving me a really audacious giggle. "Hu hu... huh..." trying to cover her face more. [i]Her tits are right there, I could sweep my hand in and pull her top up and see if I came or not.[/i]

The shared oral experience before is still fresh in my mind. Now, this. I relax, I'm still feeling a sensation. Now, both my pricks are awake and enjoying quasi-orgasmic harmony.

They stop moving. Once that all settles down, they very gingerly look to their sides like they expect to be handed something.

Someone gives the bunnygirl a vial. They take out lotion bottles and fill their tits with it. The oil fills the crevices of the bunnygirl from above.

The cop got hers in pocket. She does the same pouring it down into her top, now slightly unbuttoned. I didn't cum, or I swear it'd be drenched already. Instead she oils the fabric and it slowly changes to a slippery wet damp dark blue. A generous amount of the stuff spills past her inner skins and tickles me. I think I feel it run past onto my crotch. Why is this different from my red cock?

They're still not revealing their areolae [i]I wanna see them so bad now.[/i] before continuing. They are seriously teasing me now.

Their motion is smooth as they squish their tits inward and pull up. [i]Spit[/i] the oil of the bunnygirl's fllies back up at her neck.

I don't think I've ever seen a titjob before. Is that supposed to happen?

(Don't mind him, he's forgetful.)

There are two of them now. Two titjobs. On me. I can't grasp the sensation all that well when they're out of sync but it's really good.

The officer is able to cup her tits closer to her body and slap her tits up and down. Her body occasionally shudders, and I feel it, the nasty blue cock is vibrating. The motion quite literally shivering my spine. I'd call it faking an orgasm, someone seeing it might, no cum, only a loss of control, my clarity fading, the image of beautiful women straining their tits and expressing pure bliss. A blur of questionable things I've done. I regret not being myself. It's quite real.

The bunnygirl has her top in the way. Stuff repeatly splashes out of the top her her chest like my penis is filling up with the oil and squirting it up trying to hit her face.

"Why don't you take it off?" I suggest. "What is that thing doing?"

She smirks.

Well, I can understand that expression.

"There's no way I'm going to cum like this," I tell them. I'm certain they can do better. "I told you. Use your mouths."

"Not so fast," says the cop masking her voice.

"Huh? Titjobs are for show. You can't make me cum." I challenge.

I see a glare of light in both their eyes.

(They think he's messing with them. That's really what it's about so, play along.)

They motion to each other. The bunnygirl slowly tugs at her top. She pouts.

Was I being too mean?

The cop puts her hands under spreading her tits wider. They go wide enough my blue penis is released.

It's... not like. They're going to do something...

The bunnygirl unpeels her suit and I'm presented with delicacies of pre-lubed puffballs. She tilts her head back and squeezes them together, the nipples touch in the center.

"Woah now." She's still wrapped around my red dick. It presses out like a big cobra in front of her lips and they appear to kiss.

She pushes her elbows together which squeezes my dick even more and she being pumping her tits up and down with her nipples in view.

She'll make it cum. Make it cum or it'll strike.

"This... is a dangerous game, 'little girl.'"

She shows me. She shows me her smirk and grin. She opens her mouth slightly, will the head of the cock-cobra? It bobs and weaves. Cocksnake. Trouser snake. Weasel dinger... I watch, she's kissing it and gently licking. I watch. I feel her tits pump, so gentle, and exciting, I glance at her nipples. I flick her nipples and twerk them.

I reach and give them both a good grab. Damn it she's too far away, I want to do more. I lean back. More?

The officer pulls her crop top up slowly and out rolls her areolae. I, I don't know what to do. She pulls it up a little more while I'm obsessing over them and the girl playing with my snake darts in and out of view as I glance to her. The full lotioned rack of the large breasted woman falls out onto my blue prick reconnecting together surrounding it.

They're actually sticking out more, now that they're out of the shirt. They can reach to the other side of my hips. The crop top was restraining them like a sports bra. I immediately feel her tits, one of her tits with both my hands. I'm not sure, how is this possible?

She doesn't put on any airs and gets to wanking. I feel cum prematurely escaping onto both women rubbing me. I look to the girl's face expecting her snake dance to have ended premature.

It's dripping. Her lips a millimeter away she might be tasting it.

The titjob continues. They're very gentle at first. It tickles.

The bunnygirl is getting excited and bouncing up and down. The head of the hissing prick is getting shut in, and it begins spitting at her every time her tits slide up covering its face again. Occasionally a red pulse of electricity shocks her, and she bounces on her knees letting her tits slap into my hips. She takes little breaks occasionally. I feel my nutsack getting extra stimulation when her hands fall to caress it. 

The officer's grunting while kneading her tits around in a wave. The cock vibrates irregularly sending trails of energy into her. She has to grab both tits with her arms to flatten them, and she occasionally does this and leans over me changing the direction. Her nipples press into my stomach. From this angle watching her belly dance and hips swivvel becomes far more entertaining. I slap her ass a couple of times to an approving grunt. She halts in climax each time.

Energy is getting drained out between them and my nuts contract. Unexpectedly, I will cum now. (wrong)

"Oooohaahhhh." I express the level of satisfaction. But it's not time yet. Their tits bounce up and down, they think they're going to do it.

[i]This is NOT how I FUCK![/i]

I shove the cop away. She's there looking at me, innocent. She looks away to hide her face. I feel a sense of disgust having accomplished it. But the question why she's hiding her face.

"Why are you doing that?!"

I try to hit the hat and she evades.

The bunnygirl's shocked and stops her paizuri.

"Did it bite you yet?"

I move forward to stand but she stays in place. Her weight on my knees stops me.

[i]Move,[/i] I think. On second thought. I bring my hand down the back of her head. I pay extreme attention and push her face into my lap. I pull her closer.

"I said you'd choke on it." Right? I kinda remember. Now I want to make that threat real.

I have her in my hands. I can do whatever I want.

Her tits surround my balls and red cock. [i]But[/i], I think, [i]her mouth will suck on my blue cock.[/i]

[i]HOHOHO HERE WE GO!!![/i] Announcer voice echoes in my head. Over. And. Over.

(He's in a bit of a mental haze.)

I'm holding her head and making her finish me like this. It feels really great.

The tip goes in and she sneezes. She sneezes. The vibrations are tickling her teeth. She sneezes. I see her ears flap about. I see her tailbone tilt she stands up pointing her ass as high as it can go.

She's short. I can see her anus. If my ballsack were there I'd be balls deep. I spank her ass and feel her throat grab and contract and swallow.

After a little while I think I'm going to cum so I shove her into my abs. I didn't notice. My abs are much stronger looking than I imagined. What's that like for her? I'll never know.

I feel the onset and moan. It feels really good. I fake an orgasm again, blue cock's fault. Greedily, I'm intent on satisfying my need to deepthroat this busty girl. I'll cum for real, she just has to endure. If I just let it happen I'm sure it'll happen.

I feel her butthole and spread her vagina. If the mood strikes, they'll be ready, they promise me as I touch them. They twitch crazily like they're climaxing. She's choking on my cock and enjoying my fingers.

She looks funny with my big red dick sticking out past her chin. It's licking her, tickling her neck. It's being so gentle.

From this new angle, her tits are spilling past in-between my legs. I feel her throat contracting again.

"Taste good?" I ask her, turning to the cop. "You too. You have to try it."

I let go of her ass and grab the cop. My red prick leave its nestled-in oil bath and presents itself to her. It twitches repeatedly. It's stretching out to touch her, then jerks away like it's scared.

Easing up on the bunnygirl she lifts her head enough I see her nose. I put my hand there to wipe her face covered in oil and sweat.

I tell the famale cop, "Don't make the little fella beg."

She brings her face in and something hits me in my inside. Her lips press down in a smooch and she runs her tongue along it. She sucks it in and swallows.

I put my hand on the back of her head. She already deepthroated it. Amazing.

The image of two women deepthroating cocks is... so enthralling I remain still to watch until I'm cumming. I think I'm cumming. My back jerks unlatching their lips. Then I force their heads back down. I twitch a few more times before flooding them on the inside. I hold their faces in my hands. I slap with my left knocking the hat off the cop and seeing her face my gut clenches. It could be another contraction, but along with that a pang of emotions, goddess (which?).

My prostate empties and I moan hugging the two girls close to my loins. Their mouths can do nothing, except look sexy, their throats take it.

I feel the bunnygirls' ears and she puts her hand up to push me away. I play with her ears and she looks incredibly tickled. I've stopped cumming I want to play with the bunnygirl's ears while she keeps sucking. Come on let me play, you've been doing all the best things now it's my turn.

My cocks have such devious ways to stimulate their tender insides. How does that feel for their throats?

[i]THIS GIRL... [/i] Blue demon cock. I know. Yes, her face is cute. Can you make her cuter?

[i]HA... HAHAH![/i] "Hahahah!" I laugh.

Vibrations. I watch the bunnygirl's orgasm. She puts up her hands to get away only this one time as the vibrating cock tickles her throat and teeth. Her whole head must be shaking. She bleats and I see her ass thrust, confused, what made her climax. Her eyes go crosseye finally recognizing she was defeated by a deepthroat. She moans gutterally and her spit. Tears come out and snot. She sneezes. Her body gives in.

"Good god what a great trick."

[i]You think so... [/i] Red demon cock. It's your turn.

Autonomous internal thrusts and twists. The goddess loves it. The eruption of cum that shoots into here brings her to climax. Then the vigorous throat fucking that one cock provides can do her a few more times, but I think... it cums again. It's losing somehow.

There's a bath of cum. Her face is covered in it... the girl on my right as well. It felt really good and the disgustingly nasty glowing cum coating their upper bodies and faces highlighted the deed was done for all to see.

By the time I'm fully conscious about what's happening that's all I could see. Just how long were we doing this?

We're done. I let go of them.

There's her. I can't believe it, the goddess was dressed as a police officer the whole time.

"That was quite an act."

She tells me, "You're not done. Are you? We have one more show for you."

(We'll grant him a boon. He'll be able to cum like this again. But a mere mortal should take a break if the mood is right.)

*****
[hr]

I feel invigorated.

The four women with lotioned bodies get naked. They bring me more.

The girl in front of me now is so pretty. The dewy lips. That cute lap sitter. "It's... you!" She bats her eyes and tries to hide her face. "Don't give me that look, cake face."

The fluffy bunnygirl's giving me a handjob for my next. What? Sex? Blowjob? [i]Spanking. Rough play. Devour. Make them cum[/i].

She keeps pumping my blue shaft. The orgasmic thing shocks me, and her, it covers one side of her face in cum. Why was it so fast? I couldn't enjoy it.

A naked officer helps, she tells the maid, "Bitch, don't dodge it. [i]Gobble[/i] it down." She pushes her face down in my crotch before the load finishes. "There right? Back of her throat. Did you cum? Can you feel it in there? This is the weapon. Taste it."

My cum fills the maid's throat. She gets her fill while I take a bite of my own satisfying the urge of my penis. [i]But not every urge.[/i] When her head is let back up it continues ejaculating. It covers her face thoroughly and a gout of cum rolls out onto her pretty lips like frosting.

(Lapse of memory. The lieutenant traded places with the bunnygirl. It's better this way.)

I don't recognize this woman. She's pretty much naked already. She's hysterially breathing like she's had a climax and opening her mouth to catch cum, mine.

"Who's she?"

She keeps pumping my blue shaft. The orgasmic thing shocks me, and her, it covers one side of her face in cum. I couldn't enjoy it. But, I think I like her.

The princess helps by telling, "That's the lieutenant."

The lieutenant gets a turn. "How about I take over?" I suggest. [i]Don't let her say 'no.' Are you a pussy. Just fucking take her.[/i]

She murmurs, "Is it time for another injection?"

It doesn't really make sense.

I offer, "My cock can inject your asshole with whatever it's got. Just choose which one." I think I like her, but I am going to play very rough. I think. She wants it.

She's looking pretty happy with the presented opportunity at hand.

"Ladies," she says.

She shoves her face down encircling my prick. I feel a strong clench there. My cum fills the officer's throat. She gets her fill while I take a bite of my own satisfying the urge of my penis. [i]But not every urge.[/i] When her head is let back up it continues ejaculating. It covers her face thoroughly and a gout of cum rolls out... like frosting.

[i]I think I did this before.[/i]

Ok, this time, I'm going to take charge.

A quick tussle and I've got her on the floor. Her face is down on the floor.

"Where's your training? Where are your handcuffs?"

I'm handed handcuffs. [i]Thank you?[/i]

She's pretty much naked. She's wet. She has her ass propped up for something long and girthy.

A doe suggests, "Give her your wild bunny style. Fuck her. Impregnate that woman like she's a doe in heat." I have to thank the girl for saying that.

"Yeah? Are you going to do it?" asks the commander.

"I want to."

"You're all talk. Hear that? He'll cum inside."

"No I'm seriously..."

An officer helps clarify, "Confession."

A maid agrees, "You really love her. I mean. Hate her."

[i]Do it my way.[/i]

"What the hell..."

"In!" I shout. I pound officer cunt with a red dick from behind.

She loudly squeals like I've destroyed her insides and ruined her for life. Her hips shake involuntarily jerking me off. Her pussy finally relaxes enough it can move.

I wrestle her. I can't tell if she's fighting. My fingers go wherever they catch from her armpits to her chest. Her breasts feel smaller than others. Soft. She's already wet. She planned this much, until I cum. I catch her face and hold her still. She bellows while I enjoy a nice moan. The squeeze of her cunt.

"Like he said. He came inside," someone, a maid? says. How many people are getting off on watching this?

I get in front and put blue dingaling in her mouth. "I'll cum inside here too," I tell her.

I plant my hand at her anus while fucking her throat. I pull at her soft ring of flesh like it's a handle bar. I thrust my shaft in her soft mouth like it's a pussy. I feel her cum. Is that even fair?

Cumming in her mouth, it overflows and all over her face. I rub both dicks between her tits for a while enjoying her as she kneels wearing handcuffs. She's totally out of it.

I bend her face down on the couch while standing. [i]Ass![/i] I stick both dicks in. Blue in her ass, red in her cunt.

They vibrate bringing out her next climax.

Her legs jerk upwards so I slam into her making her scream. I grab her face while fucking her.

I suddenly... don't know why. [i]There's this delicious little morsel for me to eat.[/i]

I bite her neck while she's muffled. My right hand goes down to force her to cum with her clit and I shove my fingers in and up and down until she's screaming in a pleasant tone. I let go and squeeze her tits while pumping stuff into her... number one or number two, I can't tell. They'll blast like a gallon of cum before she loses all her strength.

The exhausted woman can't catch her breath. She's very satisfied. And blood. I see blood. My dicks come out.

She turns over and some pretty average hard nipples are on show. Seeing her dire situation really makes me want to use her, like she's never been used. I put my face down on her left breast and suck until it grows soft from the warmth of my lips. I bite and it grows hard again.

I do the same to her right nipple. I pinch her left until it's puffy and hard. I greedily return to suck at the bloody-stiff teat and run my teeth along her areolae. This is starting to get to her so she squeals as I pull her nipples into my mouth.

She's not so tough.

She's trying to get away. I bare fangs and bite making her scream and I suck at her sore erection on her chest.

[i]She won't die until I...[/i]

"If you want to kill her"

"What did you say?" I ask the princess.

It ends here.

"Don't fucking tell me... what I should do. Don't say a thing."

There's something horrible, I fucking hate it. There's something horrible about this woman.

And this place I'm in looks like all the strung up girls have been raped to exhaustion by the men dispersed through the crowd, and some of the women, so it should probably burn. What I want is.

I want to...

I can't.

[i]I can't keep my eyes open.[/i]

***** no change
[hr]

[u][size=115]Part 2, From Nightmare[/size][/u]

(Welcome, hero.)

(The following is misleading. It is immaterial. It is decorum. It's instruction for the true nightmare to come. We have final say in such matters.)

This is a new place. Not one of dearth, it is one of spirit.

In our short time on Earth, humanity's inhibited desires have manifested the wildest fantasies. What fantasies they hold dear, is ours to behold. Ours to grant.

Here, the fantasy has no limits, no morality, no quandary or belittlement to be trifled with. The sole purpose of our manifesting now.

Those who've crossed over to this realm must endure rapturous satisfaction in every moment of their existence.

In this realm, bouquet of lights in a sultry softly lit tunnel augments the beauty of ornamental statues and outcropped walls and insets. The ground is soft carpeted and sterile congruent patterns directing the eyes to dazzling displays intricately hidden through as a display to enduring time and tribulation of all who wish to behold it.

There are places of echoes and those of dilated flow of sensation and the squelches of man-flesh and bestial cries rein as they mate with their submissive host. Our gift.

Throngs of demons with phallic tendrils and hideous features imbued with essence of mankind's desire take their adoring fans in a rapt embrace.

Not long ago... We reshaped this place to our will. What was once a honeycomb of wild moss and undergrowth in an alien world, spread out as if dug out by tool, is now architecture, interiors, and everlasting power sources ablaze from the essence shared by mankind.

The leavings of ancient guardians long past are preserved, unnoticed, not needed as of late.

Now, dick demons, phallic beasts, tentacle monsters, and other insidious creatures. What was once a vicious host. Tamed for the joy of their mates. Heh. [i]Tame enough[/i] within the domain of the indomitable, there's no limit of depravity, only an urgency they should heed those in need. It is an endless orgy.

[i]A monstrous thing with intentions has a woman in its grip[/i]. It's female.

She wails, "Help!" Her womanhood is gushing from the feelings overwhelming her. "I can't believe. It's happening!" The thing's tongue wreaths around her partner's mouth finding her way in and delicately dances along her upper palette before teasing her to a kiss. Her thing dances along her tongue and wraps around licking her inside tickling her and playing with her tonsils.

She's overflowing from arousal.

She pulls out both drooling, smitten in a blissful state. She's let down low enough to see her partner's delicacies. She rubs her face against the sensitive place and coats her in feminine fluids. She delicately unwraps her like a present and flings her clothes onto a nightstand. They get on a bed and the ferocity of their passion makes both of them exhausted.

They rest in bed. Both their naked bodies intertwined in a pleasant aroma from the flowers nearby. Their excitement is rekindled as the flames of candlelight flickers out. A new row of candles comes aflame.

The two of them. She has all she needs right here. She flips her over and stuffs the woman's cunt with her pink delicate tongue repeatedly lapping at her and suckling until she finishes.

They return to a missionary position with the many erogenous presentations of the female thing rubbing against the woman's breasts and face. There's a significant amount of tongue play and suckling from both of them as well.

The woman's alive from her emotion and embrace. Her face is red as she's encouraged to climax in every position. Her body's turning flush and sweaty. Not an inch of her is left alone by her fantasy between the sheets. Their body fluids cover them. For as long as she remains here she won't wish to leave. So is the destiny of hers and hers.

(No. We say. And yes.)

No longer will she be repressed. Yes, the fated lovers will be brought together.

Until then they must endure the helplessness of fantastic bliss. Until then they must endure the trials of fantastic lovemaking. Until then it is our realm to reshape and rekindle the desire that their needs should be met. Until then, we relight the flames.

And not just for them.

There is a man amidst the monsters. His arms feel heavy, for their burden on him is too great. His arms have become flaccid and his body is steeped in desire.

He climbs off a bed leaving the woman he was bestowed.

Heaven forbid.

He saw that girl, with that thing. He didn't understand. Dear, We'll help you. Accept this.

We send him women, and other feminine mates suited for him, for he is in need. He has taken on a form of a beast and has set foot away from the one who sought him.

The betrothed swarm over him like a parade. When they touch him it's apparent his body is truly a masterpiece. Erections, protrusions, his limbs are phallic, his flesh saturates with a pheromonal substance to enhance the bouquet surrounding the magical feast. Into them he plunges, he slips, and into them they put him, and they scream ecstatically. They scream orgasmically. The attraction to him rises. He cums and cums and doesn't stop. For he, too, has become an ecstatic, orgasmic spirit.

In this place, the men and women are bestowed my gifts, and those provided take the necessary form to service them. Always how we see fit.

Love's a pretty good word to describe the bethrothal, the bestowal of gifts, the ecstasy, and the spirit of this place... When it's right. 

Some of the women want to experience what it's like to be nothing. They take their clothes off and degrade themselves. They show him they're capable of doing more, that he can do whatever he wants.

He only wants women, so, we bestow him with only women who'll want.

He wants pretty women. The women have perfect bodies.

The women, nipples erect, faces erect, hair on end, bordering transcending beauty he can comprehend. Their mouths open like birds begging to be fed.

His many limbs form erect and hold them tenderly. He brings them to kiss them and please them, as he pleases himself.

They still whisper, the wanted curse, the pain he's withheld throughout their blissful relations "r... a... p.u.s.s. p.l.e.a.c.e". He's feeling pangs of need. To please them. To fulfill their desire.

He thinks, [i]I never would do it. I never thought a woman would want it.[/i] "Are you... are you?"

Their tongues stick out too far to orally service him, they lick along his many phalli. Their kinks, their fantasies, they aren't even sure why they made the gesture they saw fit. They hold up their pinky fingers, they bare their necks, and shoulders. They're already naked. They fake orgasms, they say words in other languages as well has his own that mean 'daddy' or 'husband' or 'lover' and they say much more intimate things. Their body language is telling. They are revealing their places, their darkest secrets, and they're opening them up, and playing with their fantasies. They want to see him erect, and they want him to want them, and they would do whatever he wants. They need to be shown more, they beg for his instruction. They beg with love in their eyes, and on their mouths, and in their hearts, but what they want is to be experienced by him intimately, physically, carnally, sexually, explicitly, orgasmically, impregnably, and reality, and then have their bestowal given away, like gifts.

They scream impassioned with their wishes for fulfillment, "Do it for us. We'll do it for you! We'll do anything for you! We want to be here forever with you! Send me away! Send me away, but only when you're done! I can change!"

He feels them deeply. His tentacles ooze. But he also feels them as a part of him. He's suddenly all too aware of this. The women grow attached to him so readily.

There are other demons like him. Some are drooling so much over their consorts it looks like they're wiping butter into the crevices and spreading it along in sheets of silkily smooth topping. Demons may fill them with their mysterious fluids. They open their maws wide enough to engulf the bodies of the beloved bestowed to them. Their cocks and tentacles and orifices are lovingly caressed by men and women surrounding them. This is normal to them this is their desires.

It's not normal, for him. Our bestowal is not normal to any human, honestly. Those who've experienced it may even forget. But in due time it will be accepted. The physical forms we've bestowed to them harbor the potential to fulfill urges they'd endure for as long as they remain.

His body parts move without willing them. They happily expose the newly entreated female bodies. Regardless of their experience. Regardless of their preparation. It's coming alive enacting his desires now all on its own. His moving limbs unbutton their suits popping their cleavage out. Lingerie and thin clothes get pulled tighter, the seams pop, the fabric splits, the metal hooks bend before they tear. Loose clothes can be enough, they let him in, the flesh underneath is inviting him to grope it.

Their soft tits move aside. His tentacles wrap around within their underwears. Their breasts are squeezed tightly. Their nipples are plucked and sucked at, they're irresistible.

Their firm ass cheeks don't stay firm enough to prevent molestation. Their wet slits trigger fornicating desire. Their clits make them cum. His protrusions slip inside. Their mouths are inviting.

Panties are twisted and pulled aside. Bathing suits are licked all over. Their gowns and dresses are being lifted. They like it, they want it in them. The noise they make.

They tearfully plead to be released from torment, love is a pretty good word. But if love is not strong enough, they beg him to, "Rape us."

The demons put their dicks in, each girl utters a sound of rapture. Their eyes roll back. There are many places to put dicks in. They'll remember what it's like to be a woman.

The women make a lot of noise, a lot more than needed. I bestow these men loss. I bestow to them ruin. They abuse the female bodies they've been offered, and the noise is truly insatiably cursed. A few dozen women climaxing at the same time is a sound that can't be forgiven by any creature, and the men will remember deep down.

And among the men there are spirited ones. They're excited by the right mate. Anal persuasion, a woman's ass should be gently stretched until full. Oral persuasion, a doll's mouth is acceptable, for some. After cumming generously, one exits, another might stay inside.

Exhausted and fouled. A woman out of breath and catching herself afterward is the nature of satisfying exploratory sex.

The juices flow, squirting, and their clothes get dirty and slimy. Female bodies pressed together under duress even pleasure each other. The acts of insemination and girl on girl conquest continue. It happens as we see fit.

Their breasts are squeezed, and their nipples are plucked and stretched and sucked at. And no matter where they look they see it happen to another woman. If they like, a woman does it to them.

[i]I'll never give you away. I'll never send you away. What reason would I have?[/i] he tells himself.

He'll spend a year in this place.

They give birth to his children.

[i]I won't send you away...[/i] he tells himself, he can't speak. Watching the mothers raise them, it is also a pleasure of his, until the children have grown. Many leave on their own. There are too many. The ones that remain. His body is not human enough. His desires are too easily swayed. [i]I don't know what to do. My children are too needy. Stay away.[/i]

He understands. And soon so will the others.

It happened, time and time again. And it happens, again.

Although. This time. We have a special gift. For this one is already so much more than human. So, the women shall be.

*****
[hr]

What am I doing here? How'd I get here?

(There is a lone man with a visage like a Greek god. We spun a tale. We let him feast. Now he's here.)

My penis is erect. It's long. It's abnormal. I start standing up and the soft bed I'm on restrains me from movement with its soft comfort.

My stiff dick's base rubs against my thighs and slaps into my leg.

Gosh. I didn't think it was that way.

I grab it to pull it away and close my legs. I feel ribbing, like treads on a bicycle wheel, or the sole of a shoe.

Why's my shoe on my dick?

I give it a tug and the skin slips. I feel my hand on the head of my cock.

That's [i]still[/i] my dick?

I turn to the side and there's an immediate sense of humidity.

She's in bed with me. She's like a work of art. Good. An adult woman.

A girl. She's pretty short.

I feel her tits.

[i]A woman.[/i]

She moans in a high pitch.

I'll use her and get over this morning wood sooner. I push her shoulders down mounting her and sheath my prick with her face in the pillow.

She pulls her back up and drives my cock in deeper.

Her back's like a firm fragile thing. Her ass is big and pillowy. I lean in and screw her. There's a relaxing sensation and my cock's bristling stiffness unwinds until I feel like I can really cum. So I slow down and enjoy the feeling.

(He cums and falls asleep. He'll forget.)

I wake up mounted with this woman. I pump my cock in and out of her.

(He cums and falls asleep. He'll forget.)

Where am I?

I'm on my side.

There's an odor of sex and there's a humidity. The sheets are wet. I see a woman lying next to me. A woman with a body like a work of art.

I don't know her. She's been crying into the pillow. I can probably make her happy with some sex.

I rub my face and there's dry stuff there as well.

I look around the room we're in and there are multiple beds. Women, men, various partners. There are hideous things as well. I thought it was pictures and posters at first but they are moving, and the women touching them are writhing in ecstasy.

The room grows dim, and something like a sunrise begins, the light changes casting rays through windows out of sight.

I get a look at the woman next to me. In the light she's a brown-skinned woman with ornaments of jewelry. Her hips are wide. I'm getting an erection.

She stirs and looks at me. Her curvaceous ass turns away. Staying my lust. But she settles back down and her hip's sprawling wide.

She puts a hand on me.

A stranger like her, are we?

"Did we...?" I ask. [i]Sleep together?[/i]

She pulls me to her for a kiss and opens her mouth early. I can see into it.

Very well. If we haven't already, then we will fix that. I shove everything I have in my mouth into hers. She reacts a little strongly so I grab her ass.

I feel like I'm cumming. I spread her ass groping her and try to shove my penis into her missionary. [i]Fuck. It's... it's... I having an...[/i] I say, and stick my tongue out as much as I can.

I hear her swallow, repeatedly, choking. I wrap my arms around her and thrust my hips failing to penetrate her with my cock. It's as good as it'll get, I guess.

So good. I realize. It felt better than expected.

I don't stop. I won't let her go until I enjoy every contraction and I keep deep-kissing her hard.

I finish. I pay attention to her needs again and I see gouts of stuff on her face. How?

(The dick that came was his tongue. It's very long. Is head is thick as a doorknob. He was obsessed with screwing her so much he missed these little details. That'll cost him later.)

I came? I have an erection. I want to fuck her. What's wrong with her face? Why's her mouth full of stuff?

Where are we?

I declare, "We'll screw."

I get on. She's a little black barbie doll. My hands grope her thick brown ass and I anticipate penetrating her with this big meat stiffening at the side of her mons.

"Spread your legs open or this'll hurt no matter how wet that cunt is."

She has a very fine, tight hole. I'm pushing it in. Every twist of her insides are wet. Her face wreaths in pain. She makes irritating noises.

She's just a whiny hoe. 

Her cunt doesn't last more than a moment before giving in and she makes an orgasmic sound out of her mouth. There you go. Little fucking barbie doll slut.

"That's what a pussy sounds like coming out your mouth. That's good now suck it with that fat underside," I tell her. I'm talking shit of course.

This girl is a beauty. She shouldn't resist it. This is what she was made for. Big. Fucking. Cock.

I see she's actually wearing a dress. Her dress is parted in ways making her whole back bare. Her front of her body is completely visible without being naked.

[i]Screw that.[/i] I pull her dress apart unveiling her tits. And squish them. They're big like plump apples. I dig my fingers in and my cock.

She tries to fight me. She's so weak. From her bottom position I'm outweighing her.

"Again?" I say. "Just accept it. You love it. You want a spanking?"

(She gives into it. She's about as confused as he was at the start. But shes longed for this.)

"Let's do it," I affirm.

Were in missionary.

I move my hands to cup her tits and pinch them like milking udders. I play with my bottom lip licking at it. This is so disgustingly good feeling.

Out. In. Not even trying. It's like my legs and hips are kicking to fuck the woman automatically. Her squeal is making my loins throb in anticipation for the climax. "It's too soon. Shut up bitch." She shudders enrapt. I force my hand over her mouth and press it into her face stifling her. Her breasts flop up when her shoulders heave orgasmically, I'm cutting off her oxygen until she stops. I let go and watch her gasp for air after her climax.

I maliciously knead and pinch her teats to make her whine.

She's a mess. I'm pretty happy about that, but I haven't shot a load of cum since we kissed and I'm desperate to make it happen. My balls ache. OH?

My balls feel like they're blowing out. I pull my hips in to resist the irresistible climax and make some of my own stupefied noises. I wrap my arms around her and hold tight. My face shoves against her collarbone. So close and at the moment I don't feel the need to do [i]that[/i].

My dick fills to the brim with climactic pressure and the contractions start. The contents fail to gush out, repeatedly trapped between contractions. The stuff finds its way into her eventually. All I can think afterwards is,

[i]What a ruined orgasm it was. My body keeps acting so immature. What the hell's wrong with me?[/i]

After defiling her inside I feel hurt. My stomach. I'm hungry.

Her face is covered in spunk. She grabs at my hands on her back to ease my grip.

It is calm, relaxing, and quiet. There's only breaths of air between us. Can I make her cum again?

(He's still bearing down on her.)

I relax and raise up. The tits on display after pulling her dress aside have been nipping harder over time. They stick out like fat juicy berries. I suckle her generous ebony tits and grind my teeth into her chest. I bite and pull with my teeth making her skin nastily raise up and making wet flapping and grotesque sucking sounds. I dig in to her areolae and shove my face down stuffing my mouth. I want to fuck her tits with my mouth.

[i]Does that hurt?[/i]

(She's been screaming the whole time.)

I catch a glimpse of her face removing my hand and she's bawling in tears.

"Did I hurt you?"

She shakes her head. [i]No?[/i] I want to see her say it. I want her to give me this fucking useless confirmation. I hurt her, her bloody skin and bruises. I ball up my fist. I'm going to punch the most beautiful part of her. I want her face to be it.

She puts her hands up to cover herself.

She knew it!

I look around. The monsters. I'm one of them. Alright.

I look down. She's so small. I've gotten bigger. She's so very tiny. If I land a blow now, it'll crush her bones.

I pinch her breast with my thumb and forefinger. She turns over. I grab both her tits like this. I feel an erection.

She's covering her face and trying not to be hit. I shove my cock into her and let my tongue fall out of my mouth. I squeeze her tits. My tongue plays with her face. I laugh from my chest and fuck her. The bed groans.

(He came in her like that and forgot.)

I wake up in bed alone. The bed's too small. My legs are over the side.

I have a huge boner rubbing into my legs. I get up to the edge of the bed with the frame crunching and splintering.

A woman advances. She's... a midget compared to me. Either I'm very tall, or she's very small. Judging by the size of the bed, it's the former.

I take her hand in mine.

We do it at the edge of the bed like that.

She's certainly a lively little fuck. She bounces up and down on my dick. I admire her dead-look a she orgasms, her eyes roll back. I blow her belly up with my creampie and her body goes limp.

"Did you like it?" I ask her.

(And forgets. And forgets.)

I wake up kissing. I am cumming in their mouths while kissing. How is that?

My dick's girth is too big.

The women are fainting from intercourse with me. Why don't they leave?

Blowjobs. They give me blowjob.

They latch their mouths to my cock, slurping the white goop off. They work my wet ballsack. Filling their mouths with spunk.

I stop wanting to. My body moves on its own.

I get out of bed and I'm able to stand. But, I'm too big. I can touch the ceiling. The place was made too small.

The women can only reach my ankles if I'm standing. [i]You're going to suck...[/i] Ok. I'm not sure how I'm supposed to make it happen. [i]I'll fuck.[/i]

I bend forward and stand on all fours.

[i]Is this good enough?[/i]

I stick out my tongue to lick their faces. They come over. Stupid! I shove it in her throat.

More come. Their bodies feel soft against mine. They pet and caress me one at a time as they offer their entire selves to me.

I take them with my hands into my arms. They're kind of cute because of how small they all are.

[i]You're so tiny.[/i]

A new woman. She presents her ass so I lick at it. I plant my tongue at the entrance of her pussy. And feel like I'm going to cum, putting it in.

[i]You will regret this.[/i]

I wrap my lips around her bottom like she's a big fat candied apple and and slurp at her like a noodle. She's having an orgasm alright? She likes it.

I feel her melt and her delicious candy flesh dissolves on my tongue. I pull out my tongue and take a bite out leaving her ass in a bruised and blackened state. Cum spills out her gaping anus. I ram my tongue in her pussy chomping down into her.

(Mmmh, and she enjoys being killed in her dream. By this nightmare. His first victim? We'll go with that.)

The other women are fondling my cock and it's ever-hard.

They shouldn't be so bold. I'll explore them, and retaliate with my fingers!

At the touch of a finger. They become orgasmic. I press them in and it crushes their insides.

My lower erection is engorged.

Those who were late bend over. In front of me are sensual flesh mounds front and back. The valleys between their breasts and the pucker of their anuses. What will it take to prove that I'm the best they've ever had?

My cock runneth over from its fill. No, someone's making it. I look under me. Below me, a more ambitious girl to mate with.

She's attempting to position herself and take control. My insertion is imminent by her own efforts.

She's very fine, with wide hips. She'll stretch. It'll work if I just give a little push.

I grab her shoulders. My hands are big enough my fingers touch in-between her tits. And I pull her. It goes straight in.

I reposition my hands covering her head while I'm shoving her down on me. I'm going in deep. I didn't know there was so much woman there.

Her belly sticks out. My cock twitches and lifts her body when I let go. Her hands come up and hold her breasts and stomach after I lift her.

It's so good I'll tell her. I finish kissing the woman in front of me and pull out. She collapses in a pool of cum.

I'm cumming? I roar.

Oh fuck. It's good.

(His orgasm is like a fire hydrant. Her stomach expands and she's spewing liquid like a squirt gun.)

She remains there, like a nice sensual grip around the base of my shaft. My wet ballsack droops around her belly.

Good girl. Keep daddy hard.

(Another woman tries to help her off his cock. Unbelievably smitten, she wants it so bad she'll take his womb-stretching orgasm.)

The many look happy. "Do us more," they encourage, shaking their goods in my view.

[i]That's what they're here for.[/i]

I don't think I've even been treated this well before. People aren't so tainted they'd wish this. Never. I should give them what they want.

I grip them with my hands. They're like squishy dolls. They have very nice plump titties.

I notice the woman eagerly working her way to my cock. I grab her with my mouth and press my face to her. She gets down on all fours and I direct my treatment to her in other ways. Daring woman. Saliva coats her curves very enticingly. I squirt many loads from my mouth into her pussy and ass.

To mate with her, using this enormous girth, she wants nothing more. I'm positive.

The surrounding throng of women urge me. "Do it to me," they say. "F.u.l.l. f.i.l.l o.u.r.s. fill u.s."

[i]Ok.[/i]

They get on the bed. The sunlight's turned the room into an orange glow.

My cock's already nestled into a voracious breeder below me. I'm able to lift her up and put her on the edge of the bed, where she'll be more comfortable.

Her belly empties as I pull out. The stuff begins streaming out her backside.

I give my cocks to the rest of the women. Their mouths stream with the fluid in huge globs. Their bellies fill and their eyes roll up.

They sleep in the bed. The bed's too small for me.

I swallow. There's something. There are more women. I'm drooling. They're appetizing. They're so. Delicious.

The women holding up their arms deserve it. I offer French kisses for a snack. I fill their throats with my tongue, thick saliva, and cum. They fall into my maw and I suck the sweetness off their skin. The melty. The salty sweat taffy flavor. I lick their generous tits for a milky bouquet overflowing in my mouth. I suck them dry of oils and grime. I lick around their face and the shape of their upper bodies, exquisite.

They're powerless. By practicing on them, I feel something growing inside me.

Even during this. Doting on me so badly, the girls keep asking for "more." I'll get all the practice I need.

The little birdies need to be fed by daddy! Come and let me fill your mouth. I love the taste of you.

I give up on using my hands. They'll line up at the edge of the bed. They grab the sheets and screech when I shove it all inside.

The potency and quantity of my sperm is enough. My orgasms can overpower their insides. I buck thrusting past them crunching and breaking the bed. They pass out.

They're on display for me. They look so tasty.

The smell of it, I want to eat them. I want to eat their asshole. I'll milk them dry. Why don't I?

(And this is their fantasy. To be destroyed in droves by something surpassing humanity. Something they'll comprehend. We grant it unto them.)

(For him though...)

It's not enough.

It ends here.

(Lose whatever humanity is left. Let the demons take over.)

This is a great place.

What's this?

There's a tail I feel it. It's not what you might think. I'm going to use it like a third arm.

What's this?

My senses are sharpening. I'm getting a feel for the women around me.

I get really close to a chewed and bruised up woman. Her skin is raw red like she's been grated and her breasts are marred by bite marks. I turn her.

She's bruised and bloody. Her skin's a sickly red rash. Her anus is misshapen and a glob of drying cum has slid out. I lap at her unconscious body. I wet her skin with saliva. Does it hurt?

It ends here. I feel another cock erect.

My body is changing. This is a prey. I'm surrounded by women like this one. Why aren't they running?

[i]I want to do that. It's a vicious act none remain wanting.[/i]

This is stupid. [i]I want to do that. Their tits are soft.[/i]

I try, I pretend to console her. I want to make her... I'll possess her. My lips touch hers and my tongue darts out, cum issues straight out my mouth on her face. That wakes her up.

I open my maw in a smile for her. I'm sincerely trying to help you, little sheep.

She puts an arm on my neck. I reflexively deepthroat her, her esophagus is a wet pussy getting fucked. She swallows repeatedly. She's sucking my cock. Wow. Nice.

It's a strong enough feeling I can't fight either and I climax down her throat. Enjoy that drink. You'll be with me now.

I take it away and her eyes are glowing. The cum in her mouth has a subtle hue, yellowish.

I have mixed feelings. I didn't get my fill. There are many many more women.

I get on the bed. I pick one of the litter and pull her to the edge. I chomp down on her shoulder and drink. Blood for the blood demon. She's possessed.

I push her face down. Her strength already left her. I shove my cocks in distending her belly and womb. Anal for the slut demon.

I spare a gallon of cum, revitalizing her.

"Do it again," she begs.

I'm salivating from mouth and prick. My tail whips.

I thrust inside her vag. She wants it so bad. She's completely covered and it'll be inside next. The viscous crud, my oozing smegma coats our bodies. I lie on her and my weight is pressing her into the bed so far she disappears.

I can take my tail and flick her clit. It stings her and I'm certain it's to her liking.

A second dick. I need to use both. She'll absolutely adore it. It's a natural act of breeding. Everything will be perfect, make it right, make her need it as badly as I do.

I drag it back seeing it unsheath above. It's next to her second entrance. It plants into her anus fully engorged.

I can force them both in at once.

I do it with nothing but the promise of pleasure. I can't talk, but I can make noises. The points they enter spread out and I grunt thrusting them through to the inside. She opens her mouth wide to orgasm. I shove my tongue in.

Soundless, cum is dripping down her face and hair, and going into her mouth, her tits white with pasty viscous slime from the bed and my own deposited substances. I pull out and all my dicks are completely covered by her girlcum. They're still cumming.

The throngs of women surround me and lie in bed waiting.

(There's a sanctuary here for them. This is where they'll get their satisfaction. We'll see to it.)

(But, for him... Before he wakes. He'll die of thirst.)

For months I've devoured the female prey that have come to me for so long. I know of the taste of foul. I know of the pleasure of defilement. But I don't know this.

My bed is empty.

It's been getting bigger and an endless wave of women have been feeding me but now. Where are they at?

Right there. The women stand in rows. They're marred and bruised. I've ruined them.

But, where are the new women?

"Aren't we enough? Can you sleep with us?" asks one of my thralls.

I talk, I figured out how to, "I think we should share. How about half of you go to that other bed, and I'll take the women from over there."

My women, pregnant and a bit tired from all the hard sex, their eyes glowing, do as I suggest.

The beast commanding the nearby bed disapproves. He cums in his own slut harem.

"I think you meant, 'thank you' and you'll accept my offer." But half of the women I've sent are pregnant, and half of his women I want are pregnant.

We try another.

This one has children already grown up. "Send us away." They repeat like a mantra. "Sleep with us. Be with us forever. Send us away. Choose."

"I'll take some of them off your hands. And if their mothers want to come with..."

Success.

I have my thralls go around trading themselves until I have a new group of sex dolls... and virgins! This time. The newly endowed women spill blood from broken hymens. They've never slept with a man, they've never known existence outside of this realm.

And pretty soon my own children will start to be born.

My hunger grows. I'm growing. I'm hungry. The resources. The amount of women I sleep with. I need more. I'm in a dire need to spill seed. I need to drink from them.

(Stay as long as you like.)

I know no other joy. I will fight. There's an endless supply of women. But even that's not enough. My possessions. Mine. MINE. [i]MINE[/i].

(You idiot.)

My bed is big enough to fill the entire tunnel. I squash the infantile beasts, dispersing them from this reality.

I sense their dismay. [i]You said you'd share.[/i]

The women they fucked only think of me. Worship me. My old possessions return to me. My new possessions, mine.

I break out of the paradise into the dark outerworld.

It's all here. She changed it. She reshaped it. But the ancient creatures that shaped the land. They're still here. And so is the dankness.

I've seen this place. I've been here before.

[i]THIS[/i] THIS IS REAL.

There's a place... of spirit.

LIAR.

(Wake up. You were supposed to die.)

My struggle hasn't ended. My thralls come to me and I fuck them until my fill. I'll find the Dread Witch. She's here somewhere. I'll find him. We can join forces. I've become so powerful.

My supply dwindles. I'm powerful...

The women disappear.

I'm walking through fertile soil on a dimly lit landscape. I can't talk. I find a woman.

I need a drink.

She gives me a hug. Illmuire? No. Princess? It's me, can you recognize me?

There's a puddle of water and on its reflection is a glowing white light. I don't recognize myself.

(Your demons chose to set you free.)

The princess undresses herself and caresses me. She brings my face to hers for a kiss. No, I... Lick her face. She pats my neck. What am I?

She puts my muzzle to her belly and I trail my way along with her guidance.

Wow. It's been a long time. It feels good to be touched.

She breathes a harsh breath as I nuzzle her.

Her sweet smell. I lick at her sweet smelling damp lips. I lick between her legs. I won't die. But I can't stay... What am I?

(A unicorn.)

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]Part 3, Awakening[/size][/u]

(That's our princess you're drinking.)

I wake up with my head in her lap. I don't know who she is or where I am.

(A man who dreamed he was a demon wakes up.)

The princess says, "You've awakened."

Nothing's changed. I absolutely hate what I see. My body aches. I breathe in a hoarse breath and blow it out flared nostrils. Clomp.

[i]Clomp?[/i]

She says to me, "You've awakened, nightmare." The princess sounds happy.

(Waking nightmare.)

Where are my hands? I have an erection. She's touching me. It's her fault. She's so incredibly intimate her hands already found my penis to feel it.

[i]Help. I need to... cum.[/i] She'll let me. I'm desperate. [i]Typical. Just do what you were made for. Girl.[/i]

She guides me to stand up.

[i]Come on. You know what I want. What the fuck get on your knees and suck my dick![/i]

But she did no more than that. She gestures to the surrounding and I take it in again.

[i]What the fuck?[/i] The women are tied down, and strung up against bookshelves, and men are fucking them. There are women fucking the maids. They're covered in sperm and lubricant. After cumming so much the men are just sticking their satisfied cocks back in to see how long they can remain stiff at the expense of the beautiful sex slaves they've taken from me. [i]Give them back.[/i]

It looks like we're in a library. It's a strip club. It's a dungeon. It's lit dimly with only a few bright lights. It's not right.

"Do you recognize the women?" she asks.

I shake my head. She laughs at me. [i]Do I look funny?[/i]

(He's slept with more than half of them.)

I just don't understand a single thing that's happening! [i]Bitch explain![/i] My adrenaline is rising quite fast.

She takes out a book. (It materializes. We sent it.) She casts a spell by reading from it. She cast the spell on me.

"I know what you're thinking," she says. "Go ahead. The power of Zeth should be enough to finish the job."

[i]Whatever she meant! I'm! Fucking! Killing these motherfuckers![/i]

(Princess! Fix this.)

"Sweetie. Nightmare. Fight with your heart, not with your fist. You can take the women easily, give them love."

I take one step and it's very easy.

What was that? Fight... by loving them.

My body swings into motion like I've taken flight. I careen like a bull on skates at nearly a ton towards the tables and shelves lined with women being raped.

I knock over a cop enjoying groping and slapping the woman there. The woman he's been fucking is... I can't focus...

[i]Focus on the task. I hate these motherfuckers. So kill them.[/i]

She said 'Fight with your heart.'

I stand still. Nothing's changed.

They take out the billy clubs. Some take out a dildo. I think they must have holstered them.

Forgetting something? Are you going to rape the women with those things? (It's... yeah) I think [i]not.[/i] Energy spills out of me stunning them. The ones currently stimulated by penetrating the women pick up the pace.

[i]You think it feels good then. Fuck yourself to death![/i]

My horse legs grow into hands. My muscles are bulging. I'm able to stand on my hind legs now, not really hooves any longer. I don't think I'm wearing any clothes. The little spell she cast has had a tremendous effect.

My single cock is two, the demons are back.

(He's still very horse-like though.)

This next motherfucker's bent over on top of a woman. His face is next to hers. Enjoying her like I want to. 

A few from the company see me and freak out. The erotic women are pretty much stuck in place unable to fight. Some are escaping. Some are hiding.

My tail grabs this bitch's leg. It automatically swipes tripping her. It does this to anyone trying to get past me. I don't need to look.

Steam is rising off my body. How many more men? How many fuckers are in my way?

(Not really. Just...)

"Go easy. Don't rush!" says the princess.

I walk steadily forward until my tail trips the next. My leg kicks breaking a table. That could have been his skull.

Unexpectedly, a woman barrels into me. The first one I saw? The one the guy was having sex with. How'd she get free?

[i]You're like, two feet tall.[/i] Oh that's right. I'm actually really big. I nudge her aside with the back of my hand like overpowering a hamster.

Holding me. She's throwing herself on my wrist to stop me. If I move it could hurt her. What a terrible thought. I grin.

I say, "This is my house." I bring a finger up restraining her with it from reaching me. Overpowered, by a finger.

The women are crying in unison, as though the change in atmosphere has stricken them with fear.

(Don't forget, the energy jolt. It has made them horny and restless.)

"What's that look for?" I ask. [i]Do I look funny?[/i] "Don't you have something for me?"

(In his dream he became as big as the room he was in. Right now he's only about seven feet tall.)

The princess says, "Girls, calm down. We let a horse in, that's all."

(He can barely hear what she's saying. The women are pretty shocked at the idea of a horse visit in the middle of this rehearsed debauchery.)

There's a woman bound to a partially broken shelf. Her face is against the binders. Her arms are above her. I'm getting her scent. (She's real.) I shove a man close enough ([i]he could have touched her[/i]) away.

I really like what I see. She's so pretty. There's a thrum and hiss coming from between us. She's so cute.

(His two dicks have returned. They like what they see too.)

I kiss her neck and she shrugs her shoulders. Ticklish? I'm going to enjoy rubbing my tongue all over.

There's a spark of electricity between us. [i]Oooh. Feel that? Who doesn't like that?[/i]

"How about we enjoy our bodies together?" I tell her. Turns out, I can talk. "I want to see what my body can do." I have a tingling feeling, I want to do that.

She is whining.

That's very gratifying. She'll be like this, (Horse fucking a woman, my imagination goes wild), damn! I let a guttural bellow come from my chest as I line up my cock along her back. I can't see much of her. I try to.

Hair... Her ears. Her big plump butt.

I put my hands on the wall above her and feel my testicles rest against her backside.

Her face. Yes. Tilt her head back. I take it with my fingers gently helping her tilt her head. Her neck. Her collarbone. I can't tell what she's wearing. She's naked, I think.

So horny, I open my mouth and let my tongue come out. It touches her face and shoulder.

(Three dicks.)

I stroke my cocks along her butt... Oh that's right. A second cock stood erect below the one I see. Grinding it into her backside. I see the two of them.

I let up. My dicks aren't so big... She's really small, still.

I put my hand on her and I grope her body. I'm not being rough. She's too soft. She first laughs and then lets out a pained noise. Too rough.

I feel her face with one hand and her butt with the other. I stick my right hand into her mouth. I feel her tongue. I can picture sticking other parts of my anatomy there. My tail whips, whacking the floor. [i]Mmmmh it's gonna feel so good,[/i] my cocks realign. I spread her anus. I'm stunned.

[i]We better do it for him.[/i] My dicks talk to me.

Fine! I'll kiss her.

(His fingers are throatfucking her.)

I pull her head back and slip my tongue in.

(His third cock is throatfucking her. It's a tentacle with special needs. More details on it much later.)

She whines really loud. The stimulation of my tongue, for me it feel so good inside her. I grind my phalli into her back and... I can't think... Am I really going to cum? I gently grind into her back not to give up. It's a very slow and careful... Not only could I... I don't want to...

Nah. [i]I can't think a damn thing.[/i]

The cum is spraying everywhere, this feels good enough.

(With a horse-like anatomy, but equivalent to a goliath. He can swallow the entire bunnygirl.)

I move back enough the tips of my cocks are being focused on. The sperm spills out in a steady flow. How unbelievably good it feels. It would be better if I got them in. I prod at her backside on the verge of a spectacular finish.

I see two cops, female. They've come close enough. They help jerk off my cocks.

I pull my tongue out. "Help me screw this woman's fat fucking ass," I say.

I remove my fingers from her face to her whining and shaking her head. [i]Pretend not to like it then.[/i] I squeeze her tits. I'm slightly penetrating a bound maid while I'm milked. I don't know, this is pretty good. Just finish. Finish.

I fully climax from one cock onto her shoulder and cover the side of her face. I lean forward resting my dicks against her. My other dick's still good and ready, it's probably in her now. I hold onto the book case.

Being so much taller than this mare is a feeling I'll appreciate more while mounting her. As of the moment, I stare down her front into her cleavage. She has no idea what's about to happen. I let my tongue fall out and it finds its way between her arms, past ner neck, and into the valley of of breasts.

A police officer takes my next dick and lubes it by sucking at the end. My cock's getting massaged by four hands.

I feel some progress. I slip in the mare (the doe) and grunt. I dribble into her with the tip inside.

She squeals something fierce. I feel a spark of energy. "You like that too right?" She can only wail in high pitches. "Good." I put a little pressure splitting her nether. My one cock that isn't in her overflows more covering her already cum-laden backside.

"I want to slip it into your ass ok," I tell her. "Hold still."

She suddenly starts bouncing her feet in response. Maybe it's intentional. I'm going to cum for real, in her pussy. Uhhhh. I can't think. Her pussy twitches jerking off my cock inside her and her ass bounces slightly. I admire her attempt to take control while in this position.

I bend forward taking my tongue back. I give her a kiss. Instinctively my tongue finds hers. My mouth is so big it's covering her face but I can focus on her lips and feel them all the same. Her nose twitches. I let go and the stuff, my saliva (cum), drips down and spills out her mouth. Beautiful. I keep going. 

There's a buildup and my sperm flows out faster. "Oooh ohhh shiit!" Both my dicks come and I stop kissing, she immediately regurgitates what she had in her and her pussy overflows. Her womb is full. The cock rubbed into her back thoroughly finishes covering her marring the parts of her I could enjoy any longer. She looks like a big melted icecream cone.

What should I say? I try, "Did you like it bunny? Do I know you?" I feel her ass and wipe the sperm off her face. "There you are. You're so pretty." Finishing with a very big kiss licking her ear. I don't think I've seen her, she's definitely one of the bunnygirl maids.

I get her to laugh a little, but I'm not sure how to unbind her.

(Take a break. The two police women will entice him. They've already decided. They'll take this treatment.)

*****
[hr]

The two police get down on all fours. They've undressed down to their shirts and unbuttoned the tops. Only their bras. Their panties down around their knees. Alluring to my gaze. From here I have a chance to admire their sweaty lotioned bodies. I slip out my mare.

I look back to see the excess seed in the doe's womb spill out. She's a normal woman, with a rabbit tail and ears. She squeals as the gushing cum brings her to climax. Sexy! I turn back to her but I hear a gentle coo from my left. They wave their own untouched butts, their pussies, they are wearing belts, bras, hats. Oh, right.

I put my face close to their anuses and give a generous lick from either one. I could kiss them.

[i]HURRY UP WE GOTTA CUM TOO![/i]

I put my hands on their sides and hold them together with both their butts facing me. This is naughty. I am above them in the middle forming a triangle, like a pyramid formation. I manage to put my dicks into both their vaginas at once.

They endure as the trickling cum fills them.

"Let me hear you. How does it feel to have sex with me?"

My hands find their tits and squeeze them as I continue fucking. They start to whine more. I haven't penetrated them deep enough so I pull them in closer.

I look at both their backsides pressed together. I reach for their faces and my fingers find their way to their mouths. Their tongues come out. My thumbs go under their hats. I put their faces together. "Kiss. Kiss. Let me watch."

My next blowout orgasm spills out the cunt of the thicker woman.

"Huuhuh. Kiss."

(As he does this the bound women are being released.)

The skinny cop I'm on somehow falls away and gets on a table. "Don't run." I follow and help her to a double-barreled penetration while she's lying on her side.

The thick cop follows and gets in position. It's almost as though, she didn't want to. She has an anger in her eyes. I like it.

A third. A lieutenant.

"How do you like our gift?" asks the princess.

It's fucking awful.

"How many more do I have to have sex with?"

She holds the book out and it vanishes.

"How many you say," she sounds doubtful. "You seem to remember. Do you remember doing this? How long can you remember we've been here? In this library?" she asks. "In this single library. You don't very well remember. Do you? It's been years... excuse me. It's only been a day or two."

([i]Ominously.[/i] It's meant to be ominous. Our princess needs to try a little harder. Look at the time.)

(Look at the clock dummy.)

I give up. I pull out and move to the lieutenant. I slip into her like she's melting butter to the sound of her screaming.

"Shut up bitch."

I cum. I take her of the couch and screw her on the floor. I'm finishing in her and gnaw at her face (but he doesn't have teeth like that) my tongue finds its way in and I cum. I kneel on her pushing the air out. The busty cop comes over quickly. I slap her once on the side and she doubles over.

"What's wrong?" I get on her and plow her. "You're like a dirty little bit of ground up dirt. Take my seed." There was a loud vibration, I didn't notice until it stopped. She screams in climax. My groin contracts and I pull out. I put my hand on the back of her head.

I feel a little lightheaded but my energy returns very fast. A maid with dewy wet lips come over and gives me a kiss. I think I know her. Then a bunnygirl with a pinched face, kiss. A bunnygirl, kiss. A woman with a bronze tan, kiss. The princess, kiss? A naked woman with a frail thin body. I look away and from this side a naked busty girl, short puts her belly to my lowered face. And there's another one trying to kiss me.

"Ok... I'll have sex with all of you."

I get on all fours my two erect cocks.

"Two girls per cock sounds good. Take your time."

They do it. But two take my nutsack, and two come in front to kiss me while I'm having sex.

"You have one," says the naked woman. She opens her mouth and stick out her tongue, pointing to it. "You have a cock."

Huh? I stick out my tongue and they give me oral to oral fellatio.

(The Puerto Rican bunnygirl 'Bicca Kit Isabella' and drink server 'Wynn Doas' share his ballsack; the model 'Bic Rider' and princess share his red cock; a new girl and a bunnygirl with dewy lips 'Lelepus Cuniki' share his blue cock; and two new girls, naked police actually, let him do what he likes with his tongue.)

It's like a dream. I'm climaxing in places I can't see from here. My tail's a little lonely. I raise it so the girls near my ballsack aren't molested.

New sensation, only they're unmistakable. Eight pairs of lips are kissing along my body with explicit intent.

( He can only see what's in front of him now)

Two women slim with perky nipples suck at the head of the phallic tongue. Surprised by the realization that it is in fact a third penis I enjoy it immensely. They stare into my eyes and perform a paired threeway blowjob slipping away kissing sometimes. Their hands push at the shaft, the penis moves on its own to find the way into their mouths.

I grab one by the back of the head and deepthroat her unintentionally while aiming to kiss her mouth. Her body shakes and she gurgles as cum fills her throat. I pull away.

I turn to the other girl and offer to do the same. She looks shocked and stands still. She opens her mouth and closes her eyes. I stick out my tongue angled away from her face and lick her all over before closing my lips. My tongue slides up her body under my bottom lip and finds hers.

Specuk! She squeals and gurgles. Amazing! Shit this thing can cum! I pull out and see her cough up a lot. I'm going to keep doing this until...

(Until we say it's enough. Take a break?)

*****
[hr]

(We'll describe it. With the two of them holding his face to theirs, he sees not what the women do below.)

The innocent looking Puerto Rican bunnygirl has stripped off her clothes. She's actually a full human, he mistook her for a lagomorph earlier. Easy mistake from his position he only felt her rapidly slapping into him during their brief meeting. She takes the left side licking his balls.

The large breasted bunny with soft plump features takes the right side sharing his ballsack. This is the drink server he first met. She's thoroughly enjoyed him, but she doesn't seem to recognize him in this form. None of them but the princess will know.

Kissing together. Their hands tickle him. They carefully caress and stop to look at each other. One comes closer, they share a single testicle. The other comes closer like two girls kissing under a big lock of holly. They part smiling. They feel each other's tits and continue sucking the ballsack. It occasionally twitches, either from them or the man's having his moment of climax in earnest. They wait for it to return to plant another kiss. A little energy runs into them. They want to have sex with anyone, their hands meet and they gradually consider getting closer.

The woman with a model body and bronzed skin. She's got generous sized breasts. Having been absolutely ravaged, she's excited actually. How exciting this day she's had.

A princess of our make has taken the red cock from the right side pairing with the model. I'm sure we all remember her. They do a familiar movement to stroke the shaft and find the head before passing over and connecting their lips. One incredibly large chested woman to another, they grope at each other's breasts and let the cock slip from their mouths. They let it go so the shaft runs between them  and their tits rub against it. The spray of its ejaculation covers their knees.

This cock is not docile, it flicks up to slap the princess. She catches it in her hands and rests her face against it. A large bead of cum forms and spills out several times as she strokes it like a cat. She offers it to the woman and they continue sharing the tip. It pours out quantities of energy and seminal fluid before they hear the muscles tighten. It stiffens, they put their lips together around it as the thick white cum from climax is forced out filling their mouths and dripping down onto their breasts. The sloppy mess that it makes on them looks like a foam blanket.

(Courtesy of our boon, he can do it again immediately when he's been aroused for ten seconds. But it would require penetrative stimulation.)

A woman who's stripped naked and a girl with dewy wet lips eagerly get close to the blue cock. The bunnygirl with a cleft upper lip is such a favorite of his. If he saw her he'd probably go in for an immediate kiss.

The two women come face to face and try to get used to the unfamiliar new stranger. One who hasn't been mentioned yet gestures 'you first' and the bunnygirl comes past the cock to give her a kiss.

They're closer to the front of the goliath that is Nightmare. When he felt them jostle him, one of his hands reaches back and catches the bunnygirl. He feels her body and then relaxes. He fingers her butt. She of course, enjoys it her face has an audacious wide look.

They share his blue cock, it's vibrating. It's quiet right now. As they kiss it.

The princess reorients herself and lets the red cock, in its enormity and generous girth, take her down her throat. This comes as a surprise to her partner, and the man, and she is even capable of deeply forcing fellatio while the length is down in her stomach. Would it be a surprise to anyone to know she really wanted to do this from the start? Having swallowed... sigh... Zeth, symbolically, swallowing, we're jealous. She's bristling in intense rapture, an orgasm per second, far above the threshold of human pleasure.

She pulls away then turns around and easily takes it up her ass. We would like that, thank you, princess. Oh it's amazing, ohoho yes we love this cock so much. While inside her, it takes the liberty to have its own massive ejaculation, uhm excuse us.

The goliath is groaning his abs are rippling. His tail whips slapping the innocent drink server, then it slides into her, to the sound of her. His tail, what an odd instrument, we aren't sure why he has one. He fucks his mate with it like a fourth penis.

Returning to his blue cock. He shifts his frame and the mystery girl crouches lower. A hand comes under both her and the bunnygirl. After some tit-groping she's released. The bunnygirl finds he moved her in position, to have sex, and the blue cock gently hums a sorrowful tune as it vibrates sound through her body out her gaping mouth. She came, she was completely taken by surprise. He slips into her pussy and it turns into a sweet melody as his vibration brings her to climax repeatedly, her genitals work over time trying to please him. Good girl.

*****
[hr]

(Still having sex. He's becoming docile. What a shame. We think we let this drag out too long. But, he's been so amazing, we just had to.)

(We return to Nightmare's, Nero's view.)

The group of women shift and I feel them easing me into somewhere.

There's a pillow-like surface. I feel something tight slip around one of my cocks, then it slips out. I thought I was in deep.

"Oh! What's happening? Am I mounting a mare? Hehehe! Oh yes. Ohhh shit. Her we go. Can you do it?"

(That's the princess deepthroat.)

There is a pile of worn-out women there on the couch and the library floor. I feel something brush against my leg and I step back giving them a moment startled. I hear the group shout slightly. Six of them must be having a blast back there.

I grab the two women in front of me and gently put them on their backs. I can make out with their entire bodies like this. My lips suck at their bellies and tits. Then I feel the action again. Lips, or hands, grope my cocks.

"Oh!" Again there's the feeling. But this time it has a pleasant sting. Like I could climax just from this much. "Who's this?"

(Heh. The... princess. She let him in her butt. Her thoughts are so delightfully lewd. We ahm, partook of this experience.)

I grope and find two soft objects. One particularly more inviting. I accept her as my breed-worthy mare. I slip into her easily to the sound of a melodious symphony, a sorrowful, and ecstatic crash of orgasmic energy.

"Who. Who's that?" in hindsight, she's not going to answer my question.

(She's the cute bunny girl. The one with dewy moist lips and a vigorous one to penetrate at that.)

I can't see. What's happening? "Ooh Fnnk." I cum. I fill them up and I reach down grabbing. I feel soft tits and bodies. I push in. I kiss between the tits of one of the women at my face and sperm flows out all over her chest. My tail whips and I think I hit someone.

"Excuse me. E-e-eheheheh oohh no."

(His tail is also aiming for pussy. He just spanked the doe tasting his ballsack. Now it's sliding in.)

A fourth woman. Mmmm. Yeah this is so much, I don't know what. I can't feel anything but my groin flexing and other strange parts of my anatomy blazing with heat. The smell of sex and splashes of cum spilling.

I lean forward and slip onto my face, my hands fall to the sides. Then girls fill my hands. Booty.

Never having felt so much pleasure at one time I can only whine as every part of my body throbs and climaxes. I fall asleep while still mounted and spilling seed all over them.

(A hill of naked women has taken down the goliath. The one we call Nightmare. Off to bedtime land. Or so we have decided.)

(Take a break. We have a tome. This was Nero's... His. Now it'll be properly ours.)

*****
[hr]

[u][size=130]Chapter 1, Title: Vixen Snacks[/size][/u]

[u][size=115]C1, Scene 1: Battle Preparation[/size][/u]

(The following story was originally told from the perspective of an ancient tome. It became that of a warlord of Amazonian descent in this instance.)

(Amazon tribes and dying men, warriors fighting and failing, the seed of humanity drained from raping their overlords and finding they were getting raped.)

(The tome's story of sentience. Enigma's seed was planted in the fate of mankind when he... seeded Dread. To heck with that. Here's our version.)

(He won't remember. Our doing. He forgets. But we can make him forget, it's worked before.)

[i]I'm Nero.[/i]

"Hey. You. Why are we here?" I ask the goddess.

(They're in a sandbox for our amusement. He'll believe he's an Amazon.)

"Mother. I'm leaving. Thank you for making dinner."

I wave to the goddess and leave the house.

"Don't call me mommy. Now come give me a kiss," she says.

"Ok." I kiss her goodbye. She's like... a rental mother. I guess. Secondhand.

I am a pup being raised to be a warrior in this Vixen village. I'm barely a sprout at five feet tall. 

(He's well over eighteen years old, but he thinks he's a child. Same as always.)

The girls mature much faster than the men, that's why they're so tall.

(Oh this again. Well, we could endow him... sure. We give him a youthful vigor. He only has one penis, he's lean, with thick muscles. The body of an Amazonian man. The mind he has brought remains as it is.)

(If he's foolish he'll sleep with as many vixens he can. This time.)

I have spontaneous erections. I'm proud. Let them see it. I slip my pants down to let it out. Look at it, my vixen ladies. I taunt.

I've been trained to lord over the domesticated. My mother for one. The bitch, I should probably bring her low. I can't be a ruler if she's not beneath my belt. I'm not sure why I suddenly consider this.

My Vixen kin. Conquering me. Huh.

I hide my cock. They don't look concerned. Just an impotent child wandering the streets.

(Indeed, he does not look like his normal self. He is now able to behave as he would like, unmolested... huhu.)

The Desert Amazons worship beasts and the like. We've taken on a fox of the desert mentality. The females are known as vixens. The young boys are pups. So, collectively we're Vixens.

Besides the roof over my head I tend to my livelihood, I go to the grocery store to eat. I go to the salon and wipe oils over my skin to stay clean. Children don't go to a washroom, where the adults are. I put my linen on shelves at cleaners and wear a new fresh wrap. I walk in the the desert with sunlight. I've become quite accustomed to the glare in my years. I have not been trained by master as apprentice. I have been told that some interest is taken in my skills. 

I'm still too young to venture into the general populace. I'm off to the sanctuary for now.

I come over to a group of pups. They suck, what the fuck is wrong with these assholes. I walk past.

They direct their much ruder comments loud enough that the vixens hear them. Fucking assholes. I can't believe what they say but if the girls are being annoyed, maybe, I could beat one up in front of them.

The vixens are quieter. What are they talking about?

(The vixens grow up with whispers of men, their prized pleasure organs, and how men get hard. What they dream of those men doing, how they should play with themselves to be prepared before allowing them in, where the men can put things.)

I doubt they want to see my penis. I feel a swell staring at them. They're already so mature looking.

I take time away from the group of pups training myself. Sticks and ropes, tying and climbing. I think I'm in pretty good shape. 

Who's this trying to get my attention? A female instructor? She's big.

She comes up to me and begins talking in riddles. I try my best to keep up but she's jabbering. My eyes are drawn to her tits. There's a few too many strings loose on her clothes. I bet I could beat her in a duel. Her craftsmanship is sloppy.

"You're distracting me. For honor?" I challenge.

(She was playing with him. She was being nice. She outweighs him and she's about two feet taller.)

She takes up a bare-handed stance. If I draw blood I'll win. She's not very well oiled at all. I could win.

Wait. If I lose, what will she do? I feel panic.

She lifts her right knee. My weapon's a little wooden sword compared to a real thing. I swing it from below to cut her. Her foot comes out too quickly and shoves me aside.

Hell no I'm not giving up. The vixen could crush me! I haven't fallen over yet. The duel's rules.

I dash away and come back swinging. I'm on my back. Oh. She definitely won. Even so, I hit her leg with my sword.

"Sun and moon," she says.

"What was that? Some kind of an insult?" you win. Do I have to admit defeat?

She takes up a stance to fight. She waits for me to move. I step back, but she steps right into me and disarms. She jerks my arm and throws me.

"You win ok. It's over."

She takes the sword and tosses it to me.

We duel until the sun goes down... 'Sun and moon.' I don't know how to fight her. She's toying with me.

I can't lift my wooden sword and hold it properly. I rush forward to grab her, maybe she'll...

She puts a hand on me and it feels too gentle. She's hugging me. She tightens her grip squeezing me. Women shouldn't be so rough with little boys! I feel the blood in my face constricting.

"Sun and moon," she says it like I forgot. Then she lets go.

I collapse and roll, trying to take a knee.

(Now, he'll find out how harsh warriors can be.)

We're in public. A sanctuary. She's definitely a grown up. She kneels down to feel me. Her hands check me, I'm not sure what she's looking for. She's groping my butt. She turns me to the side.

"Gawww." I felt that. She slips a finger up my butt. She applies some lubricant. She's getting serious. I didn't know young boys could be used like this. "No don't you won." And to the victor goes the spoils. "Shit."

The pups talk about how the vixens look and we think which ones are going to grow up to be fine ladies. I remember in the sunlight she was very fine.

This behavior from a vixen like her. What is this? I reach back and she puts her weight on, she ties my hands in back of me.

"Hey come out," she says.

She squeezes my butt and very gradually continues stimulating my anus. My penis is getting hard.

My dick starts to erect painfully hard.

(How long will it be before one beds them? Oh. Well, this is a twisted fate. His instructor in love will be less than gentle.)

She stops talking. In the dead of night. I only hear breathing. Someone watching?

Her lips are like nightcrawlers. Her makeup is like a haze of gloom. Her oiled skin is dark.

She sticks out her lower lips and lowers her eyes to mine. My penis slowly shoves its way up. Her hand undoes my pants. I'm staring at it. I can't believe she's doing this. We're in the middle of a courtyard. How many people are going to see my first time? This is too goddamn embarrassing.

"I would have had sex with you if you asked."

The cloth covering my cock is let loose, exposing me. Her hands are all over me. Her face comes closer to mine while she's touching and she decides to go for it. She gets down, and she teases my hard erection. I'm incredibly hard. She kisses at the tip of my cock and below the glans and she struggles with my boner she encouraged before holding it on her tongue. She sticks out her tongue with the tip of my cock rested far enough inside she has it caught and looks up. A big woman. Her big lips already surrounding my cock. I can see her oiled skin ripple in the moonlight as the clouds shift.

I think my expression is clear. My arms bound. I'm worried if I look like I'm struggling she could do even more.

She takes a long drag of my cock's head and lets it go. She looks flustered. She's got to be about as turned on looking as I felt. That feeling of her lips. Don't take that from me.

"Don't," I beg for her to keep going.

She just says, "Shh. Shh." Having given up on talking riddles to an invalid. To a captive, she can do anything? No of course not, [i]anything[/i].

This whole time. I don't know how many people saw us spar. They didn't stay around to watch. We haven't been caught by anyone worth noting. None of the pups or the younger vixens are going to be out... this late. I get it.

She's waving.

A group of women I can barely see come over.

(Lookouts. They've decided they can take him now.)

They bring me into a small inlet on the sanctuary's side. This isn't too strange. Instructors do this with all sorts of people. They've never been interested in me. And the way they carried me in is a bit concerning.

I'm seated.

She lights something and the reflective stone wall (sort of a crummy mirror) lights up all around us. I can see her better. The atmosphere of moonlight and stone mirrors could be romantic. But, here I am, bound. My arms are behind me.

She gets above me and bends over. She's almost in my lap.

She undresses and presents herself to me like an animal would. Her lower-half exposed, her crevices in view, she's leaning forward enough there can't be a mistake. My erection. Why did she need to play with it out there?

(She had to see the goods.)

After watching her display I have an obvious erection. She spreads her anus and rubs oil around on herself. She sits down to me slowly after this tease. Her hand feels me cock. Her entrance twitches and she makes a noise, she sounds excited like a wild animal. If I told her I never had sex before it'd be a joke to her so, heck no I won't. She sits gradually, I slip in.

At first it's meaningless, then bliss, gradually I'm obsessed over the shape of her moving. I can feel stuff I can't see happening. If I look there I only see where I think her anus should be, hidden under her butt and some fat muscular glutes. She grinds into me crushing me into the seat.

She has generous hips. I can see why people do it. I hope one day I can do something like this. One day I can be like her. Her insides rub it around in ways I doubt can be accomplished by hand.

(He's not thinking clearly.)

She moans. She twists her body and slows down. She's panting. She quickens and the shake of her ass is incredible. I'm thrilled by her sudden burst of excitement. I'll match her energy. I flex my cock. She finishes baying like a fox howling to the moon.

"Is that all?" I ask. I stammer a bit. Don't tell her that, don't tell her you're shaking from adrenaline. "I'm not done with you. It felt really amazing. Listen, any time you want. Come back to the courtyard, we can spar."

"Sun and moon," she says.

She stands up. There her friends are. Her friends were watching us the whole time after they brought me. She gets off my front and they start jabbering. I notice while talking they're touching each other and rubbing their thighs together.

They come closer and they touch me. They're discussing something. Honestly, I don't understand why they can't talk to me normally.

"Do you all want to do that?" I ask. Oh they thought that was funny. I'm a little upset. One of her friends with reddish lips comes to my face. It's like a deer trying to lick my nose. Oh, then the others do it.

They all get their licks in. I think I need to. I do, I look away. My face is covered in spit.

I ask, "What is the point of this?"

They get it in my mouth. Are they actually younger than me?

(Yes... and no. We made sure the slutty vixens he encounters now are easily wiled. By all means he's inexperienced, compared to them. They'll show him.)

The four new women present themselves totally lewd, they stick out their ass. They spread themselves wide. I expect they're looking for their insides to be scooped out by hand (or they are gaping their asses for him, uncouth, a perversion he hasn't acquired). They turn around, rub their breasts, and strip naked. After they show me everything about their fantastic bodies I might be interested in, they turn back around to lean letting me see. Getting close to my face, close enough I can taste.

The woman built like a deer straddles me just like the instructor. [i]Sun and moon. Something...[/i] Her thin waist beckons to my hands. I'm staring down her tailbone while she waggles her hips inserting me. I don't know what to do while she carefully moves caressing my cock through her insides. I look up at her hair and her shoulders.

"Guhhh." I feel my groin loosen. If I didn't know better I'd think I was going to piss. I tighten up only for it to happen again. "Guhhh," I repeat. I cringe hard and tuck my chin. I don't want to piss like this. In her. My immature sexual muscles contract, wham wham wham, I squeal and catch my breath. I'm able to tighten them at will, normally. "Fuck it's. I I can't." I whine. My cock flexes inside her and she struggles as it bulges. "Help." Yeah no. They all giggle.

The one on me especially. She gets into a giggling fit and then outwardly I feel she's putting her weight bearing her firm muscular legs into my knees. My legs jerk. She twerks her lower body on me. Fine! "I!" I uncontrollably shove it all up. She squeals and shakes her hips. Too heavy. She pushes back forcing me to the seat. I think I'm not ready, they've shown me I can't possibly be ready. I'm on the verge of begging for mercy and giving up. She stops, and easily slips off. I don't stop moaning it feels like I'm bleeding out.

"I'll take him," says the next vixen.

I shake my head once. [i]No,[/i] I think. [i]It's for the future of the tribe.[/i] It ends here! Get me out of here.

She's not presenting. She sits down just opening herself enough to get me in. Her hands find my oiled prick. "Owwww," I whine. It's so hot feeling. It's not hard enough. She's stroking it until I'm fully erect. "Owww..." 

She scolds me with some gentle shushes.

She bends forward enough I can see her anus now. She moves and the sensation grows again. Is this really sex? It's too powerful. She gasps and whines. I don't know why but it's reassuring she could be so pained by it to make a similar noise. She gives me another gasp and a high pitched moan or a word or a yelp.

(Placate the little whelp.)

I should thank her, because. My groin loosens in her. I don't flex to stop it. I feel the pressure of my blood flow course into it. It feels really good. I relax while she's letting out impassioned twangs of her breath. Oh! It fills, a feeling of great pleasure.

I'm balls deep. The split of her rear-end is wide around my hips. Her butthole is a sight. She's thrusting back at me.

"Uhhh gwaaa," I say

"Oh fuck! Oh!" she's crying about.

What? I can only imagine, something she wanted. Stuff spills out of her and a jolt of cold chilling my legs. I feel my own crotch muscles shaking and my loose groin contracts suddenly too aware stuff is pouring out of me.

"OH FUCK!" I yell. "What did I just do? It won't stop... I won't... I can't."

She brings her head up, foxy hair swish. Amazing! She bounces up and down on my throbbing orgasmic shaft until I cool off. It feels like a disturbing spike of energy being handed back and forth between us "Take it. Take it." I tell her. I don't want to keep it. She wanted it? She moans. She really wanted it. This. This is it.

She sits back into me and grinds her hips. I see her face better now than before and she has a really healthy grin on it. The sensation is now too intense again I'm back to square one. I am panting incredibly hard I can't stop. My heartbeat is pounding fast.

One final vixen has leaned against the inlet. Her body's quite nice. "Are you my last challenge? Will it be over?" There's a smooth stretch of skin, like the smoothest skin I've seen, along her side. She's got a build like a dolphin. (She's not too muscular and her curves are gentle but apparent. Her butt's not very large.)

My penis is still not ready. She shows me. The second woman that took me in helps me erect coming close and feeling my shaft. I get a slight look at her eyelashes in the light. Her nose looks narrow. I can't make out much.

The dolphin-vixen presents and the thought of her, I'm erect.

The big oiled up instructor comes over and caresses my butt. She strokes my cock when it's already hard. She helps put it in.

I have sex with the dolphin-vixen (she's like a really well tanned supermodel). I finally have the courage to enjoy the shape of her toned body.

She picks up her pace and screws me until my groin relaxes. She shakes her hips once or twice contracting her insides around me and stands stunned by a sensation powerful enough, I can only imagine it's like what I felt before.

She slips back down. The sensation grows stronger until I'm about to do it. "I'm going to do it inside you." I am losing control and my hips shake, my legs shake. She pushes back against me and I can't thank her, because I feel like I'll throw up. I clench my abs and my groin gives in. The muscles at my lower hips start flapping and clapping her while I rattle a moan and slur. I don't really know what happened. My legs have been soaked in the sweat and oil and other fluids between us.

One, another pets my face. I look at her, she's very interested. She grabs my cock and jerks at it until it's hard. I see, is she the last one? She kisses me and spreads her ass preparing to sit. She takes me in. She grinds fully inserted. She leans back. It feels like she's squeezing the tip of my penis inside her. She sighs and stands up.

She gets down and sucks on it before repeating. She inserts me carefully and continues to have sex. If my hands were free, I could do more. Her butt starts moving more and little waves, she crushes me into the seat. She's enjoying it, for some reason, I'm not. She cums, and doesn's stop.

A half hour later my penis starts to fully engorge. It feels good. I'll cum any second. I moan pathetically climaxing. She sighs.

(Her little dildo has deflated.)

She stands up. I see her glistening butt and oiled skin. Not much else. She's black as the night.

They each come give me a kiss and say "sun and moon." I don't know why. "What's your name?" I ask. If I could write their names here and leave this fortune of pleasure for them to reclaim I would.

Each one allows me a chance to dwindle on their faces. But I can't tell which ones I sired. It's all a blur.

You're probably the reason I become who I am. I want to thank you, so much.

Should I thank a vixen after having sex with her?

I don't have a chance.

They stand around for a few minutes talking and help me onto my feet. I feel fingers slip up into my ass, forcing my erection each time. They each have sex with me one by one until morning light.

You... I hate you. Revenge, is it even possible now? I think so.

'Sun and moon' they said.

(He won't remember. Huh. It turns out, he will remember.)

*****
[hr]

I don't want to practice in that courtyard alone again. Not without a real knife.

It's long past the training hours and into morning. Should I go home and tell mother?

I liked some of it. What did I know about sex before this? It's an honor to sleep with a vixen. What honor was that? They didn't need to do it all night.

All day. I don't go home. I ate. I cleaned. I go back to the sanctuary. There wasn't any notice, they saw no change in me. But I notice it in myself.

I'm looking at the budding vixens in the sanctuary. Young like me. They're already so full and they're not so much different from the women who I slept with.

I get up from my place of rest, a type of couch with a straw bedding. I didn't sleep at home, but I may have slept here. I have plenty of energy to do what I needed. There's a vixen by herself.

"Hi. Can you stay with me?" I ask. I think it's obvious what that means.

"I'm going to the grocery," she says.

"For a snack?" I inquire.

She shrugs and walks away.

I guess my appeal to the vixens here isn't really what I thought. Even so, she said she'd get something to eat. Maybe if I wait here she'll figure out I was trying to boink her. On second thought.

I go to the grocery to flank her.

There's the young vixen, probably my age. It's hard to tell at the sanctuary. I come up next to her and grab her ass if she ignores me I'll stick my finger in.

"What are you here for?" she asks.

I want to know why that woman kept sticking her finger in my ass and I intend to find out.

Ok. Maybe I won't be grab ass about it and I'll tell her. "Have you wanted to see a dick? I'll show you my dick. You can put the carrot down and feel the real thing." Ha, it's a good joke, right?

She laughs (an annoyed laugh). No it's a good joke don't be like that.

"Have you trained?" I ask. Something tells me she hasn't. [i]So the carrot thing didn't make sense?[/i] She reacts defensively crossing her arms. I can tell, she's a slacker, her ass isn't even that toned. "I bet you sleep better than you hold a rake." This has nothing to do with sex, I think, but she takes the bait and argues.

She pushes her body against mine. "I'm bigger than you," she says. She's right.

I look down, she's wearing lifts. She's lying. So much for her being mature.

I grab her arm and catching the attention of a few people we end up standing just outside the grocery, still technically within the sanctuary, but it's not like anyone ever said not to... I shove my hips into her. "Do you want to do it? I know how." My penis is getting stiffer. She doesn't know, she shakes her head. So I take her hand.

I stick it in my pants.

We stand like that. For a good minute.

"You need to do more, get on your knees and touch it all over. Come on. Put your finger up my butt."

She will learn what the other vixens already know. She shakes her head. "Don't doubt me. I've already done it. Come on. Here, I'll do you too." I help her and we move further along away from the grocery into the shade. She is letting out a giggle. "What?"

We stop there in the shade. I take off my pants. My penis is all the way out. I show her how to stroke it by squeezing her hand. "Twist while you tug at it and then suck on the tip. You can also finger my butt while you do it." She looks startled when I flex it. "Don't worry about that. Do as you're told." She tries to lick it for a while. Her technique is, bad! "Ok, get up I'll do you." I don't really know what I'm doing I never touched a girl, never mind she'll just have to accept it!

I rub her crotch for a while. I didn't really get a good look before, but it's fucking weird. I turn her and play with her butt. She argues, "I don't need my butt cleaned." Ok, I stick my finger in, it's rough. "Aeii!" I think, [i]we need to get some oil from the salon, the vixen was carrying pouches but pups aren't equipped with those.[/i]

"We should..." no, she won't agree. I said I knew what I was doing. I think this isn't working. There's something wrong about us. I stop. "Did anything I do feel good?"

I was ready to quit. But, now she's all over me. She's standing really close waiting for- "What's next?" she asks.

"I don't know."

She follows me a few steps and she gets in front, asking, "There's something else, isn't there?"

"I really don't know. Was it alright?"

She doesn't ask but she touches my penis more.

So, options, I can wrestle her and say it's a joke. I can tell her to get against the wall and begin penetration, even though she didn't look like she knows what's happening. This immature brat's more trouble than I thought.

(There is no concept of rape for him or her to fight over. How convenient.) 

(Pseudo rape warning.)

I push her face away and she laughs. Wrestle then. I take her down. I take off her lifts. Now she's half a foot shorter than me. People are watching, clapping, the pup's beating the vixen, how novel. Well, get used to it, I'm going to become the best vixen slayer if that's how it's done. Her face is getting dirty and she's shouting in shock. I slap her sides. Thick! I mean, she's a slim fox, she's got thick legs and butt cheeks compared to any pup I know.

Her clothes are already off. Since I got them halfway off before starting this. How much oil did she use in the washroom? Enough. She stops struggling and I ogle her body extremely tense. My pants are off already. The crowds form a solid wall of mostly vixens.

"Fuck her."

Am I hearing right?

"We'll make sure she's ok. Just... fuck the vixen. We're watching."

"I like her cute sash and hair. Do you think he'll pull on them?"

[i]Pull[/i]. No, I won't pull her hair. I don't think I'd ever treat them so badly.

"Look at her butt. She didn't shave it. Her butt's not trained."

"You think she's a virgin? The pup is solid for her, look at that cock!"

I'm looking at the things they're mentioning and the only thing I can tell is they're not separating. They don't think it's over.

I say, "I'm going to have sex with her now. Ok... ok."

She struggles and cries. I grab her elbows and hold them as I put it in her. I tell her, "This is the part where we have sex. This is the part you were hoping for."

Splat. My hips smack into her. Her butt's not very deep and I see her anus stick out. The crowd's quiet. I feel it coming. My mate's immature. She isn't doing any of the things the grown vixens were capable of.

I admire her tan and her lean shoulders while pumping into her from behind. Her face is on the ground with her hands covering it. I hear her get louder and her legs shake. [i]This is it she's really going to climax like the other vixens![/i]

She screams and screams. Someone in the crowd puts a hand on my back, to make sure I don't slip off.

"I wish the men had knots like... you know, so we can all climax like that without the dick popping out halfway."

That's the last thing they said before leaving. A few stood around to watch me cum in her. But, I think she showed me up.

I take a thumb and press it to her anus. I push trying to stick it in and she shouts. I play with her butt, she keeps squeezing it and there's not enough fat or oil to let me slip my fingers in. I can't tell if she likes it.

(She does...)

She squeals again after a while, another climax. My cock pops out. I get on her to push it back in.

When I cum she's breathing harder and makes an exquisite sound like she enjoys it far more than she possibly should. Is she for real? I'm basically knocked out and she's finally getting into it.

"Should we keep it a secret?" I ask.

She shrugs, "I don't expect it to matter," she says while her cunt runs dry.

(They don't know much. She doesn't get pregnant from him.)

*****
[hr]

"Mother today I..." I tell her all about the women I slept with. Why I didn't return home all night.

She brings me to a sick clinic and they check my butt for damage. They check to see if my foreskin is intact.

"He's a..." the doctor explains something. (Witch doctor)

We go back home. The goddess says, "You need to get some sleep. You should drink this too." She hands me a day's supply of beverage and two days of fruit. Oranges, watermelon, tomatoes.

"Mother I can't possibly eat all this."

"Do it before you go to sleep."

I finish eating. I get in bed. She joins me. She's getting very comfortable undressing.

How can I conquer the world, if my mother is able to treat me like this? This is unusual.

She tells me, "You've seen me naked. Now you've seen other women naked. You were whipped pretty bad by them, huh."

Yes. I deny it, "No mother I had sex with a vixen my age. I had sex with the... group accidentally."

She hands me something. I look at it. She warns me, "It's a matter of pride. It's a matter of life and death as well. The next time they want to have sex and you're unable to say no, blow on this." She gets on top of me her tits slide onto my chest. I find her very relaxing. "Listen," she tells me. "You need to know some things." She tells me the things she wants me to do to her.

...

I'm crying, "No! Don't make me."

"It's for the vixens, not me."

She's stroking my penis. She wants me to practice. But, it's abnormal. I nod.

I hold the stone and kiss it. I blow on it. My penis burns hard and ejaculates.

(He's enchanted.)

Forcing the princess off me is easy. The rest of what she wanted isn't. I get strips of fabric and tie her arms, like that woman did to me. It's all part of the training. I get her to bend her knees and tie her down in bed.

"I have to?"

"Yes do it."

I spank her. I'm expecting to hear her cry but she MOANS! "Harder" Oh. It's like when the women had their orgasms. I hit her and she shakes incredibly. She doesn't care where I hit her, she spills out girlcum and begs for more.

After an hour I think she's been knocked unconscious.

I lie next to her. I can't believe this. She opens her eyes.

"Remember," she says. "You have to enjoy it too. But for some vixens, you need to knock them out. Knock me out again."

"No."

"Come on. I won't let you have sex with me," says the bound-up woman.

It's impossible. She can't stop me if I tried to. What is the point of this? I grab the stone and my erection returns. I feel my energy recover. I precum.

"I can have sex with you now."

I get behind her and pass out cumming as I attempt to penetrate. When I wake she's still bound. I have to get a knife to cut her free.

"You're right. I can't win against you."

She gets on top, "You haven't had sex like this yet." No I haven't. I fall asleep from her gentle rocking in my lap.

Didn't have sex, not really. She was only touching.

(The princess revives him and restores energy to his pendent every day. Having sex with her, he learns. That's the right way. Have sex, for the sake of bettering yourself. Have sex for the best is yet to come.)

(Take a break.)

*****
[hr]

I'm outdoors training. That place, I should go there now and confront that woman. With my new pendant I can win.

I train in the courtyard climbing and tying ropes. Some young vixens join and pups show up. She wasn't there.

What if...

She must be around somewhere. She doesn't show up for the whole week.

The whole week I sleep with the goddess. I learn things. She likes things. I try new things and can't understand her, but she likes it. The more I am capable of, the less I understand. She's not real. This woman I've lived with my whole life isn't a real human let alone Vixen. When this understanding came to me, it was too late.

"Mother I'm going out," I tell her. It's morning.

She asks, "Will you be out late again tonight?" She adds. "Before you leave, you know what you're missing."

I come kiss her. I feel her tongue. I quickly snap my hand into her breasts making her slip to the side. "You dirty slut," I say. "A whore like you should bow before me. You'll never know what it means to be Vixen." I spit on her.

She doesn't look at me, cowed and docile. She asks, "Will I see you tonight?"

I can reassure her. I can do whatever I want. I reach into her clothes and squeeze her soft fat. I do it until she reacts. Good.

"I'm on a quest for vengeance. You understand. Mother, don't get in my way."

She doesn't move. It's bright and early and I haven't ate yet. That means neither has she. I don't know why, but I want to do something to her. I take the pendant and it strengthens me. I feel my resolve strengthen as well as my erection.

"I'll see you if you come with me to the salon."

She shakes her head.

"You're barred because of Vixen customs, but we can make an excuse," I tell her. She still shakes no. "Then I'm going to the grocery to eat. You won't see me any sooner than nightfall."

I leave.

(He only thought to pleasure himself. The salon is full of Vixens. If she went there, she'd end up in a gangbang.)

I return to the sanctuary. There. I swear I recognize the vixen. I follow her and she leads me to a group. It can't be the same women.

They walk to the courtyard and stop. It's adding up. Are they looking for...

Bam!

I fall over. A scraggly young vixen crashed into me. She's not dressed like a grown-up.

"Get out of here I'm busy."

She won't leave. I'm watching the group and she's watching me now.

I tell her, "Go away."

"What's the problem?" asks a vixen. A grown-up certainly. I look to the voice it's her, the strange one that spoke in riddles. The instructor.

I take my wooden sword out. I realize this is all wrong. We're on the street, not in the courtyard. Nonetheless she takes up a fighting stance.

"For honor," like last time.

She shakes her head. The young vixen tries to take my sword. Two on one? I can hold on one-handed.

I grab the pendant and kiss it blowing for strength. The power comes to me. My training with the goddess. She's had me use so much force on her, I can't believe she's still alive. Certainly the vixens will not suffer. Warriors and all.

I shove the girl and she holds on. I punch. Did she like it? She lets go. I put my hand on her face, she loses balance easily I shove her and she flips backwards. It's like playing with a little ragdoll. I step on her knocking the wind out.

The vixen yells for help. I still have the wooden sword. It's a better shield than a sword, I suspect. I advance swinging to stop her from touching me. I get her in a grapple. She laughs, overpower, me? I'm stronger. It's not possible. She's taller. It's not possible.

I bend her easily straining her muscles. I ram the sword into her side, then I bring the pommel down on the side of her head to knock her out. It was easy. I take out my rope and tie her. The group of women watch until I finish. There's also a bit of a crowd forming.

"Shameful. Losing to a pup."

"What will he be like... if he can do this already. Imagine."

The onlookers are already spinning tales. Some talk about ancient gods. 

"Mayhap we have discovered a man of beast."

"It's possible he's blessed by a Vixen priest. They speak of such things. It's the first I've ever witnessed."

What a lot of meaningless. I blow the pendant. There are four? And the younger vixen I didn't tie. I pull out another prepared rope. I didn't bring enough for her. I kick her to soften her. The group advances.

"If you'll betray our ways," the crowd jeers.

The vixens stop momentarily. One speaks up, "Our way is vixen." That means, of course, they declared. They declared their intention to have sex with me. There's a nice symphony of whistles as three of them come close enough to grab me.

I have to cheat too then. It's all about sex! I take out my hidden blade, a sharpened bone. I uppercut straight into the ribcage of the... she's down. With the blade out their focus shifted. They're not paying attention to my free hand.

One after another I feint them with the knife and land a bone-crushing kick or fist with surprising force. I go around tying them.

It's me and five vixens, in the middle of a crowd. And one more. I grab the lanky girl. She's awake but she won't move.

"What's wrong? You chose the wrong side. That's what. Be with me," I tell her. I think it's obvious what that means.

She nods. Murmurs of approval, I also hear "fuck her." Hold on. I'm getting to that. I take out a rope and leash her. I tie her to a spike in the road, like a signpost.

I drag the vixens into grass close to the signpost. I listen. Most of them are breathing painfully from the wound I inflicted in a single strike. My hogtie and rope bondage practice with the goddess has paid off, and some other tricks I have up my sleeve.

"When you grow older," I tell the young vixen, "maybe you'd like to experience this."

I slap the instructor. The first one to take my virginity by force. I strike her across the face with an open hand with a loud crack as it lands.

I listen to the grumbling crowd and other onlookers. Some of the beaten women are breathing harder.

"I'm going to spank, slap, and make every last one of them beg."

I slap the instructor and watch her face redden. I pinch her lip, running a thumb around the bottom one. I slap her again. Beautiful skin. I strip her, my bone knife can help. I look at her hanging tits.

I put a knee on her leg. This will be a show for the ones watching. I squeeze her tits holding her throat. I put more strength in and she agonizes weeping. I let her go. I grab the binds and drag her to a stump and press her face-down on it. Can they see?

"Watch as I fuck her like a bleating sheep."

I bring my hand down leaving a scorching red bruise on her ass. Satisfied, I put my prick at her vaginal entrance. It feels good I harshly breathe. I can barely contain my excitement. I'm doing it. It's in.

Her insides contract and relax letting me move in a little at a time. It's nothing like penetrating the goddess. It feels so good. As time passes, I gradually slip all the way in and only her body moves.

I spank her. Each slap she gyrates her ass. She stops when she gets tired. I slap her on the hips forcing her to do the work. I pull out. I spit on her anus and put my cock there, slowly pushing in.

She strangles a cry and resists. I sigh. I take a knot rope I prepared earlier and press it in her anus. She resists.

"I won't tell you twice. Let me, or I'll knock you out again."

She starts crying. I shove the rope in her mouth. I grab the grease from a pouch on her belt and wipe it on her there. It's no worse than she treated me.

I put my cock to her anus and she strangles a cry out. It slips in. She calms down and I slowly slip in. Like her pussy only, she stuck her fingers in my ass, this could be why she did it.

The crowd watching doesn't budge. I pull out. It's feeling really good but there's so much to do. I shove it in and begin spanking her while pumping in and out. This makes her very very noisy.

She's bigger than me but I've dominated her. I put my hand in her hair and push her face into the stump. I slap her ass and watch the fat ripple. I feel my groin relax. Waves of pleasure. I lose control. I lean into her collapsing forward on her back. Her anus tightens preventing me from cumming. Then she relaxes. The stuff squeezes out in spurts. I buck my hips. Both our legs shake. I'm able to lift up with my abs to slam back into her blowing my wet load of cum up inside her. She groans and shouts with guttural platitudes.

"How's that, compared to cum in your vagina? Does it satisfy a vixen no matter where the sperm ends up? No answer. Well." I take her off the stump and kick her. "Sun and moon," I say.

I blow on the pendant. I walk over to the deer and proceed. I grab her hair to hold her. She is able to get up on her knees and move on her own. Fine. After a while she gets tired. I let her put her face back down. I spank her while she squeals. When it feels good I take the knotted rope and start forcing it in her anus. She cries. It slips in anyways until half the length, maybe a foot of rope is in her. I take out my cock. It feels good, and there's more to come.

The dolphin, I feel her smooth skin and slap her on the side. It looks like it hurts her more than the rest. I slip into her. While having sex I look at the rest of the women. They've bruised. I grab the model's hips and thrust harder dulling the pleasure, then, it intensifies at the tip of my penis. I stop and lean onto her.

"Keep moving," I order her. "Move or I'll punish you." She moves, a little bit. "Faster. You need to make me cum." Panicking she tries to swivel.

I feel the bruise where I finished her in the fight. "Does it hurt?" I gently tap her there and then grope. Her wince in pain. The goddess loves this. I smash the palm of my hand on the bruise and she deliciously screams. "You have to make me cum." I slap her again and her stomach flexes. "You can't do it." I pull out, every inch a demand of pure willpower, I can barely move. I take the pendant and blow on it for more strength.

I kick her right in her pubic bone and move to the next. There's a black vixen and one that's crying already. I take them both and whisper, "Kiss. Whichever vixen remains standing will be set free."

They do it. They make out for a while then I push their faces together. That's what I meant. They fight to breathe while their faces are stuck together. I put my hands over their noses for the final stretch. They shake fighting for air. The black girl loses consciousness. I see it in their eyes.

The vixen that won can barely breathe. I inhale and force oxygen into the black vixen's lungs until she's looking normal. There it is.

I undo the whining vixen's bondage. I grab her from behind.

I tell her, "It's a mean trick but you're free."

She struggles. I guide my cock to her tunnels waiting to see if it'll catch on either. It's unpleasant so I let go.

"Run, or fight for them. Would you risk it? Sun and moon."

She looks at my penis. She nods and comes forward embracing me. She feels my back.

I'm not sure what she's thinking.

Her hand finds my penis. Ok I know what she's thinking. She inserts me from front and kisses me. She has to bend her knees slightly. We part and separate. She turns around presenting. She leans over the signpost the young vixen is tied to. I'm able to put it in her like this and she swivels around. She has an orgasm. I'm close. So close.

The vixen pet is getting a good look at her older sister (colloquially). I pull out slowly and let her see me slide in. I might cum. I try by barrel hugging my mate and thrusting. She senses the urgency and helps. Finally. She gyrates and slaps her butt back to finish me. I feel it relax, early, my groin contracts and relaxes, the penis muscle is fattening and shrinking the tip. I moan. The feeling of it escaping me, I'm used to it now.

[i]It's like I'm pissing in a toilet. I've made her a toilet. Stupid woman. The vixens are nothing but human outhouses to bury excreted human fluid in. This stupid tribe worships the act of sex and animals. Look how pathetic she is.[/i]

Her face looks incredibly serene. Joyful. I grab it covering her mouth. She shakes her head. I grab her neck. We come off the signpost and wrestle into the road. I choke her. Feeling her try to squeeze every last drop of cum out of my dick.

"Worthless vixen slut." I get on her back and shove her face into the road.

The crowd is gasping. I finish cumming. Immediately I blow the pendant. My erect cock comes out. I look to see who witnessed this defilement. The men have their penises in vixen hands. I've started some kind of an orgy. Right now, they're being jerked off slowly.

I take the black beautiful vixen who lost in the contest and use the ropes as a leash on her bound up body. I bring her to the signpost and tie her next to the younger vixen.

"You can both be my pets. You're almost the same height."

I drag a rock that's been flattened over and sit on it.

"Whichever of you does a better job sucking my cock has permission to sleep with me next."

Watching these young looking vixens try to negotiate and failing, the black vixen takes over. Her lips mash about and she dips her head down sucking from head to foreskin. I pet the younger, thinner girl. It feels good. I take the current woman sucking me in hand. I take the one left out, pressing her to my cock. She attempts.

She imitates. it's surprisingly good at first, then she stops, rubbing her mouth and jaw. She stretches her neck. I see, there's no way for her to match the endurance of a grown-up with that frail body. It's decided.

I take the winner to the stump next to her sleeping comrade. I plant her on it like the one before her. I spank her and pull her leash. This riles her up and raises my erection. I plant it and slip in. I relax, it's like a moist massage all around me. I spank her listening to her wail. I flex my groin. It's feeling good. It's the same issues as before.

I lean forward, whispering, "Make me cum. Move."

We do it all day. I leave the vixens, all but the pets. The crowd masturbated, possibly had sex when I wasn't watching, and took them away during sundown.

I impress upon myself they're mine now. I unbind the black vixen.

"Sun and moon," she says.

I've been using up the pendant all day. I can't possibly do it all night.

I sigh.

We lean on the stump and take turns, I start by penetrating the young vixen. Her climax is impressive. Her pussy tries to milk my cock. I patiently wait for her to run out of energy before moving to the pet waiting for me. Her oiled skin reflects the moonlight. We keep having sex, they take the top occasionally, sun and moon. Until the sun starts to rise.

A few onlookers stayed around to watch.

I heard them by the end, "Vixen slayer," or perhaps "slay-ver."

(Take a break!)

*****
[hr]

I'm a grown man now. My skin's bronzed. I have slept with many vixens. I've learned they enjoy the taste of men more than the climax.

I've gotten into many fights with such erotic outcomes. Just removing their clothes is a good show, but pressing them to force a full course of mating is delectable.

Coming of age, every Amazon has become stronger. Now I'm among grown-ups. In my house. I visit the guest kennel each day. We have a barn full of vixens, it's really quite a sight. They show up each day and they go eat at their own grocery.

"Good morning my slutty vixen skulk. My harem."

They quietly nod, as I've taught them.

I can pick any one. I take the earliest I captured, the black vixen. She's the one who knows me best. I've captured many of the women who dared encounter me. It's becoming quite a kink. I bring them back here to the kennel and...

My penis erects trying to think about it. I help her to it. She sucks like a hungry baby tiger. I moan, my morning wood was already worked over by the goddess, now this, how can I live like this? I cum. That's better.

"Who'd like to come for a walk."

Five or six come with. They're my bodyguards.

I can go to adult places now. Then again, nothing stopped me before. Once this many women respect you, you're as good as made.

We go. 

Outside. Naked vixens. Female vixens easily spend their whole adult life in the nude unless they're indoors. There are some exceptions. And some of the vixens are not just bold, but incredible. I have a hard pecker as well.

"I'm going to need one of you to help me with this. Hang on."

Screw that. I walk up to a woman. A new conquest is far more exciting. "For honor." I stick out my crotch so she can bask in its glory.

She's a shining gloss with trembling peaks. I've never seen a woman walk around on display in war paint. "Have you been looking for someone to sit upon? The conquest out there can't be any better than the one right here." She looks a little dazed. Her eyes sink.

For honor. Bare handed. With my prick sticking out at her. She better accept or she's a stupid little cock tease. I don't know how many of these hoes I've bagged guilting them with our tradition matters bullspit.

She takes my hands gently and proceeds to kiss me. Then she squeezes my ass.

I'm really strong now. I lift her so we're face to face. That's right, I'm a little taller. I'm a little stronger. Jealous?

She visibly gets excited. Her dripping wet pussy easily takes me in. I sigh relief as she first brings herself around me. She's able to grasp my shaft and stroke to milk it. I sit down letting her take the top. She gets into a rider's galloping pace.

Her tits bounce while screwing me in the middle of the road. She fingers herself and looks around. I think she sees my friends.

"Don't mind them. Just take every last ounce of cum. You never know how long you'll have to wait before I come back for you."

I blow on the pendant the goddess gave me secretly, it's given me insurmountable strength and such vigor.

I turn over and press her back into the road, proceeding to thrust into her. She quickly reciprocates losing her consciousness.

That's right. No vixen has been able to last. I'll cum in her unconscious body. The sensation grows like a bladder expanding ready to empty inside her. My little vixen puppet is well fed, I finish contracting my abs after enjoying her.

Still hard I have sex with her until she wakes up. Her pussy clamps down hard. She notices she's already been pleasured beyond her wildest dreams and it catches up on her. Another vixen slut under my belt, she climaxes squirting her girlcum and some of mine.

"I'll come with." She offers.

"Ok, get in the group."

*****
[hr]

I've been having this recurring dream. I walk through a destroyed landscape with some strange discolored grass and a moonlit hazy sky.

"What am I doing here?"

[i]This is !?@&*&^? in your.[/i]

(He's asleep.)

He's mounting the mares in the kennel. The princess is caressing his side.

"Sweet Nightmare. Your mare is full. How about you take the next. Come on."

The princess takes him by the reins and they go to the next restrained vixen. She rubs her clit, nice and oily. Nightmare mounts her, the mind of a horse perhaps, in his sleeping state.

"Nightmare, my love. It is time you fill me with that as well."

It is her greatest pleasure for the years they've spent, she's seen him grow from a foal.

(The dream.)

I'm Nero? I wander to a place with light and music. There's a broken cavern I step into. The candle's light as if on cue, or by magic. The corridor I've entered stretches in either direction but this place has been unearthed, broken, decimated by (me).

I tread the corridors on hoof, it is for I have transformed before coming here. What is real? (...) What is this place? (spirit, magic) Is it a memory? (all memories are to me) Is what, what are memories?

[i]Forget this nonsense. Look. Down there.[/i]

[i]GO THERE.[/i]

I see the light that drew me and follow it. My body starts to transform. No longer a horse, I have hands, I am tall I can walk on two feet (goliath). No I don't think so. My stomach feels empty. There are things here in the light, they are embracing women. I swallow. Tendrils of power slip out of me I can taste their presence, as if by sight, sound, smell, or spirit.

[i]HEY. GET ON THAT BED.[/i]

I get on the bed, I'm tired. I sleep. I wake.

I'm in my house. Every day, the same dream, only it's progressing. I never fell asleep in a bed there, until now.

*****
[hr]

I'm with the group. We have some travel to do. I reminisce.

There, there, there, people fucking. There are people fucking in windows. There are Vixens having sex.

"We should go get cleaned up. Then we can go to the grocery. If any of you find a man along the way you know the drill. Threesome is the way into a man's pants."

We go to a vixen washroom (a brothel). They have no issue with me being there. It dawns on me.

"None of you have had sex recently. How horny are you feeling?"

We talk about it. More vixens come close.

"I have a good idea, start gathering more vixens."

"Hey, come over here listen to us," we tell them. They come like a slow tide until there are twenty or so.

After eating or working, women from this tribe and outsiders raised as Vixens come here. We get a good show of the available goods. Many dirty, unclean greasy women in ripped and tattered clothes gather. We coax them in without spoiling the plan, because it's my plan.

"This way," we leave as thirty. "This way." I reassure them.

We pass by the grocer.

"Everyone grab a squash or carrot and put it in my bag."

I grab many things here and bundle them up. They grab two an drop them in. Fifty items fit. Not too concerned.

A few women have a snack. One asks, "What's that for?"

Moving on.

We stop by a river bank. "Like this." I rub the mud on me. It's not the same as ashen makeup and oil. The six women loyal to me follow, so do the rest.

"Everyone ready, apply lubricant to your privates, we're going to the men's washroom."

I bring them. We go to the wrong place. This is the salon. We've entered sanctuary territory. The women were so excited too.

The vixens have a sudden inspiration of morality and social civility, "Oh no. We should leave." Such inconvenience.

"No," I tell them. "We'll be ok. Grab a man if you see him leaving. We're raiding this place. Our group is big enough."

Only a few stand still. The rest covered in a mess of brown clay and mud are reassured they can't be caught in such a large anonymous group. They look thrilled at the idea.

They go into the sanctuary while I stand outside. If someone comes I tell them there are too many inside. Or that there's a fight. The noises suggest so. There's an unspoken rule about these places, one that's been violated all too often. Tradition will survive this raid. Only it won't go the way they expect.

The pendant ready. I'll be using it. I see a vixen trying to leave. I stop her.

*****
[hr]

I hold her against her will bringing her back in. "Who'd you have sex with?" I ask. She doesn't want me to know that. I bring her in far enough I hear running water as well as sounds of mixed anguish. "Did anyone sleep with this vixen?" No answer.

Then I'll get creative. I take out my array of binding ropes and strap her to a faucet. The running water washes her off revealing her.

"If you haven't had sex then I will be the one."

Her skin's washed by the faucet flowing from an uphill stream. Her clean skin, completely stripped of oils and grease. It's not common. The Vixens can wipe off grime and reapply oil without needing such bathing. A rare look to be sure, her completely washed skin is night and day compared to the mud and the daily life of Amazons. Having applied mud, the oils that would normally deflect water washed off as well. This is truly a naked vixen.

I feel her dry skin, moist, but compared to coats of oil, dry. I look at her skin, no longer covered in makeup. I look face to face as the faucet is splashing over her chest. Dry nipples, erect from the cold. This is something I'm familiar with by sucking the oil off. This rosy stiff thing she has.

I suck at her, I feel her breast, D-cup. I feel her skin all over it's novel, but it also reminds me of an... animal.

Her face in hand I finger her. Her cunt in hand, she's still wet there, where it matters. I turn her, my cock at her back, oiled. I feel her anus, dry, drier than any butthole's ever been from me rubbing my fingers into it I slip my middle finger into the first knuckle feeling her pinch tighter.

I chuckle. I grab her hips forcing her into me. She drops her head, starting to plead in little worried gasps. She is Amazon, no mistake. I didn't pay attention to this detail until now. She has no marks on her. Is she full blooded? She whines like a sick and lost dog.

"Where's the fox in you? You came here to have sex. This is something you should want."

She pants rapidly, fox indeed. My penis slowly finding its way, she shouts, "Twelve nights!"

Twelve? She's gone twelve without drinking the seed. I'm amazed she's held on this long.

"Why'd you tempt a vapid death so long? You must be an exceptional one. I'll have you join me. Please, enjoy every second joined with me. LIKE THE VIXEN SLUT YOU ARE!"

I think I yelled.

I proceed. It slips in. She bays, she whines. It slowly slips past catching her in places she must have forgotten. She shouts and stammers. Her hips shake in my hands while I hold her steady.

I smack her to see if she'll fight or get excited. Her clean skin bristles and glows red from my spanking. I catch her little rolls of fat around her ass pinching at her and spanking her while her ass flaps.

Two weeks without it. I'm surprised she's able to stand. It's no wonder her legs wobble. She's strong willed, but like any vixen, she's weak to the touch below a man's belt.

It feels good. I'm going to cum inside her. I focus there and clap our hips together. I squeeze her butt. My loins contract and then spasm. A delicious pang, a swell, a flow of pleasure like running a knife across your skin without cutting in deep. My cum runneth out into the loins of this sheepish doe in heat. She yells and harshly catches her breath letting out a deliciously fatal sounding faltering rattle. Her body loses composure. Her cunt equally grabs and sputters like a horse flapping its jowls. She careens her head to the side losing balance and lifting a leg so I grab it. I'll continue like this until I'm satisfied. She keeps shaking each thrust as though every moment is a little too much to remain still. She wails and moans. I feel it enough I moan slightly while cumming. It eventually stops and I simply use her to maintain my erection. There will come more.

I see a pair of slightly washed vixens sneaking out, they're in mud, unmistakable. I quickly blow the amulet hardening fully. My penis inside the vixen I'm mating makes a furtive twitch repeatedly as I pull out. She gasps at the movement circling inside her. I flex my groin smacking inside her one more time, more like a push to get her to step forward. I pull out. I release her bondage. She falls to her knees exhausted.

My goal is to capture every single woman I brought here and do the same.

*****
[hr]

I come up quickly. They see me still coated in mud, thinking I'm an ally.

(Female Amazons are even more aggressive... hero, you're changing the story.)

To catch the two off guard I have to tie one down immediately. I've brought excessive amounts to bondage them with.

I'll have sex with all thirty including the women I brought. But what if I can also... do more? I had it planned this way.

I slip a rope around a muddy vixen's neck and choke her. Silent but deadly. Her hands come to stop it and I put her in a half-nelson. On the ground she kicks. I hogtie her in about ten seconds. The vixen she was sneaking out with has spotted me. Shocked, she stands still.

I come closer horse-whispering her, I hold my hand out. She holds out hers and I take her. Our hips collide. Her face is clean enough I can kiss her. My face though, not so much. I get the mud from it all over her. I tie her hands behind her and zip the hogtie tight. She's belly-down on the floor next to her friend. I bring them to the faucet and start rinsing one off.

More women are coming out and I catch each one in a like-manner. It's pitiful, soon there are a few pups standing around watching, until every last woman has been caught. I couldn't tell which vixen was which, so I treated them all equally rough.

I take the two washed vixens. One is unbound, but clearly worn out. I show them. "Watch." I take the clean one I slept with and show her red skin and her exposed skin. "Watch" I take the one I haven't and spank her reddening her ass. I spank her other asscheek. With her knees under her I stuff my fingers in her pussy and play with her ass.

I think they understand.

I begin washing each vixen and spanking them. The chestnut brown ones are intoxicating. Their skin has tanned. I spread one open after spanking her. A pup is looking at me instead of the women who've already been prepared. My penis solid.

"Continue washing them. I'll take this one."

I stuff the dark skinned vixen feeling my need to climax mounting. The women are lined up with auburn red asses from my spanking. I will personally feel her with my cock while I do the same to her. I slap her ass and fuck her until she's moaning. I unleash my sperm inside her, there's no holding back. How are the pups doing?

They can't really lift the vixens, and have managed to wash their faces. After seeing the clean image of a woman's face, they've succumbed to oral pleasure. Many of the women I've spanked and left on display like pieces of meat are alleviating their oral fixation, hands and legs bound.

I walk out.

I come back with a bag of phallic vegetables.

"You can screw them with these if your penis isn't capable of lasting."

Inserting the tubes of plant-flesh into the soft reproductive crevices of the women is interesting to them. They follow instructions and even do this to the women coated in mud.

"You can even put them here."

I stuff a vixen's ass with a carrot to her squealing. Then I touch my cock to her pussy and slip in to her moaning. I enjoy a nice massage and slip out. I pull out the carrot and fuck her ass she's panting. I grab her wrists and get on her pressing down, inward and up. I think she came already.

There's one more dirty trick, the pups must learn.

I can see the women I've already trained having sex.

"Everyone look. This is the final thing separating the young vixens from the fully sexually active."

I take the women I fucked, two are bound. I turn the first spanking her several times, she doesn't fight. She likes it. I bring my hand across her face slowly, then fwap! I do the same to her ass. She bends over, she's cowering but, she's breathing harder.

"See this?"

I slap her side and legs. I grab her hair and tug her. She follows. I place her in the group of pups. They touch her. She starts begging and sticking her ass out. "Use my body." Well then. They accept.

Unbinding the next. I hit her while the pups watch, having sex. "One day," I tell them. "You're going to have to use force, or they'll have the upper hand. That's the truth." That's what the goddess taught me.

A brutal cult of pups was created, following my lead. And that day, nearly thirty more vixens found their way to my stable.

"Fuck the vixen sluts. Learn to tie them up. Drag them if you have to. I have stables, a kennel, and a barn. We can capture half the block and store them there. Come on."

(Pups are not so different from full grown Vixen warriors. The hero's changing the story through action. Exciting. We could intervene but, no.)

I have that dream again. I'm in bed and a woman is doting on me. My stomach feels full. I bend forward to see two woman lying inside of my hollow chest. "HA!!!AH!" I wake up.

*****
[hr]

(There are women of stature and beauty paramount none surpass. It's difficult to seduce one without a rebounding. They frequently become the most seduced ones. Small alliances are required to entice beauties such as these.)

(Nightmare, you're starting to get on people's nerves.)

I'm training in a courtyard and I see a vixen pair duel. The victor of the duel is such a beauty I can't take my eyes off her.

I haven't cum for a fortnight. Her ravishing form while fighting and now after it has ended. If she looks as good in bed I'd let her try.

"Miss," I offer.

Her friend holds me. "Umm." They're seriously going to...

This motherfucking cock sucking vixen slut is motorboating my nuts and slapping her lips against my shaven mound.

"Bitch you're gonna pay." I bring a knee up forcing her to block. I free an arm blowing on the pendant.

"Uwaaau." I petulantly squeal. I break free. I kick hard back into a softness. The super doll that was about to take advantage of me is enraged. She whips out her stick aiming for my face.

I grab the loser's stick. We fight.

She screams and roars swinging to try beating me. Years, I've been training. She's been doing this just as long. It doesn't even matter. The pendant's given me this strength. I swing without restraint snapping her stick in half. She tries to fight, but at half the length it ends with me smashing my longer stick into her head, knocking her out.

I take out the binding ropes. She'll be a delectable little fuckmeat.

Her friend is crying. I stare her down.

She bends forward and takes a posture on the grass, and she leans into her elbows shaking. She's really eager, she's terrified.

(Adrenaline from the fight and now this.)

Perfect.

I tie them together and watch.

The loser manically grinds her hips into the doll. When she wakes up, the doll joins in. They grind their clits together while I watch.

"The two of you can't possibly free yourselves now. So take this, and be thankful." I tell them.

"Horsey," the beautiful woman who sucked my cock says. "We want a horsey. Fuck us, stud."

I slip my cock in the manic woman on top, the initial loser. I put my hand on the back of her head while they grind together. It's like I'm doing them both at once.

She climaxes and I flip them over. I have sex with the woman of a generous breed. The sight of her body is intoxicating.

There's a little murmur of approval. Having been dominated, they have no other option but to glorify my actions. I begin spanking. I turn them over and repeat until they look sore enough. Then I change my aim and slap their hips.

Eventually their bodies are deep red, their faces and tits and shoulders are blush-red. I tickle their feet now.

The super-doll screams from the mistreatment of her bare feet. I play with their toes and then I bear down on her calf muscle massaging it deeply.

(Amazonian upbringing demands receptive minds and bodies. The training and play is necessary as much as it is enjoyable. They will be molded in the battles ahead. At least, the women will.)

(The Amazonian men are too simple-minded. They're so easily seduced into bed. It was possible for a woman to bed a hundred men and finish her chores, leaving them useless.)

I squeeze the pendant and blow on it.

My cock becomes death.

I unbind them and knock the wind out of the loser. This makes the super doll enraged again. How amusing.

I pin her, I grind her face in dirt, chin to the ground, I knee her ribcage. I rebind her legs, ass presented. I thread her own stick between her elbows and tie her to it.

I take in her beauty from this position and I feel the pang of an ejaculation. She mewls and gently moans a painful, sorrowful despair having been taken for such brutal punishment. Her body's stricken from being bound. Her heart's racing, I can see it, she's breathing too quickly.

I feel her clit. I pinch it. I tell her, "When I'm done, I'll bite you here." I slip my cock into her and feel her body completely under my control. I can't really imagine a more beautiful woman right now.

I hear her friend crooning. She's just as excited to see the bounty of flesh violated. My dirty thoughts betray me, for I'm about to...

Why is it happening like this? Why's it so intense? My contraction at the base of my penis, capable of retaining an erection, stops the flow of cum as my nethers release. The head of my prick's sensitivity increases. I flex to keep it together. The promise exiting the tip. The liquid of life spreads inside her, mixing with the distress and rapid vapid movement of her loins. She must be ovulating, she'll be pregnant.

I push my hands against her bottom and her buttcheeks spread out revealing another inviting hole. I bring my hand swiping her buttcheek. It's not going to get any better. I slap to see her anus peek out.

Reaching down, I spread the oil around on her clit. She murmurs approval and gradually reaches the point where she's making such a racket. My pride swells. Deep inside as it were. My dick's hard enough I can continue thrusting at her to both our enjoyment.

"Goddamn! Vixen. Take my dick like you wish you could," I demand.

I slip in and out of her while she's restrained and feel for her inside with the tip of my cock. I reach around and rub her clit to hear her approval. Granted. (She approves of the rubbing more, but she likes the fucking, too.) She's able to move her hips a lot more than expected and bring me to climax as I fiddle with her. This time, I'm much more prepared and groan a long orgasm out while trying to plunge into her as deeply as possible.

I grope her tits and give her backside a love bite after cumming. I would be greatly satisfied to know I had more of her than anyone else, if there were even possible.

(Granted.)

She's slipping in. I lean forward. She slips into me. She's gone. I hear her cry a bewitchingly beautiful sound but I can't see her anymore.

I turn to her friend and take her to my bosom, and she vanishes.

*****
[hr]

Did I fall asleep? I am in bed. Two women are climbing out of a cavernous hole in my stomach. It's the two women I just slept with. I see the injuries on them.

They open their mouths. There are lights from inside. I thrust some part of me into them. Two of them at once. The woman at my side is not important, though she dotes on me. More are coming.

It ends here. I'll focus on the two.

An uncontrollable sensation courses through me. My energies swell the two of them climax and cum flows from every specter of a cock sticking through them. My body shakes, causing the entire bedframe to. There's a final explosive shockwave of glowing cyan energy spreading out and a misty essence. Particles of energy shockwaves course up from my insides blowing the air. An enormous ejaculation from within me covers the bed and rains down from the ceiling, a torrent of cum and sickly white trails sticking together spread out along the two women I'm having sex with, and more.

I can feel them.

Pussy clenching, heart racing, full-body orgasms.

I can hold them and pump their bodies up and down having sex with both at once, and more. My spirit is able to reach out and touch the women surrounding the bed.

They want to have sex. I feel their cunts wet at the touch of my mind to theirs.

Yes. I can feel it now. I have taken the two of them inside me. I have had sex with them, body and soul. I give the loser a kiss and I wonder how deep. She tells me she wants it as deep as it can go.

I wake up. The two of them are still there, nothing else changed. What have I turned into? I push them out of my guts. This can't be right.

(Change back.)

I am myself. Two women covered in glowing blue cum have passed out next to me.

I remember enough. Having sex with them was certainly amazing. Now we've connected somehow, in my dream. I feel like they're a part of me. Seeing them like this, I think it must have been real.

It happened so fast I can't understand.

I take the hottest of the two and indulge. I bite her pussy sucking her clit. After I've had enough I do it to the next one. They'll have soreness there, to be sure.

I stare at the super doll's ass for a while until I fall asleep in the grass. I feel unstoppable. I want to fill myself again, I want to. I will.

(Take a break.)

*****
[hr]

(There were outliers, men who wear linen like a little boy. They were miserly. Untrained. Rejects. They were frail potted plants with shallow roots trying to live in a desert.)

(They're left alone in wartime, they're allowed to join for pleasure during festive times. With such encouragement, such men try to increase the festive times. They have agriculture.)

(Their pie-in-the-sky notions didn't bring on the rain, it didn't fill the canals. None of it worked. So tradition never changed.)

We make the clouds gather in such a place.

The grocery is filled within months. Our hero enjoys the banquet. The men of the cloth are treated with such respect. Blowjobs, all around.

They take the best vixens. They take as many as they like. For once, their luck has changed. They are not taken advantage of, drained like livestock, or dragged to war for rationing.

What of Nightmare?

There's a vixen with him. They sit in an inlet at the side of a sanctuary. He wants to sleep with her.

*****
[hr]

I'm Nero. I have become incredibly powerful in ways unimaginable. A young vixen has taken my eye, I'd have her join me. Watching them submit to force is a daunting task. The women they turn into are crude, brutish, vulgar. Perhaps there's another way.

I hold in my hand a sapling. I channel the power that makes women climax uncontrollably beneath my fingers through it. The sapling grows quickly. I place it on the dirt and it takes root growing quickly, its roots crack the wall and soon it's a tree sticking out of the side of the shining stone.

The vixen is panting, exasperated. Enthralled. It's a feat. It's impossible.

"There's more. Do you want to become a woman?" I ask. Like a little sapling, it is a vixen's wish to grow into such a splendid blossoming tree. She vigorously implores.

"Yes make me a woman have sex with me."

I shake my head. Well. No and yes. I take her hand and seat her against the grown tree. It's become a new fixture in the inlet, like an alcove and chair.

She gets on it and gasps. The climax. She gasps and gasps until she understands.

I watch for an hour as she grows into a full-bodied vixen. Her belt is too tight, it has cinched her waistline. No matter. Her tits explode in growth rapidly, big red peaks, hard nipples stick out. They make her silken top too tight. She grabs her chest and squeezes them, the self-molestation releases her mounds.

Her body lifts up slightly as her ass grows. Her voice changes, deeper, then higher pitch she moans. It's like watching a woman grow from a single sustained climax.

I take her hand. "This is good enough." I kiss her feel her body. "How wonderful." I feel her, every part of her within me. I think, she's dead. I put her back in the seat and watch as her drained body recovers. She wakes. "How about another?" She shakes her head. She tries to get past me. I grab her and give her a kiss, draining her spirit. Taking her pleasure for my own. She's shivering. "Will you be loyal forever?" She nods vigorously. "Then come out." She's quite attractive.

Another vixen is standing there. She's shocked. Her friend has grown up without her.

I take her hand and we go in. Only this time, I present my cock. "Suck on this if you want to become a woman." She tentatively. She does. I watch her for an hour. My energy coursing into her has the same effect. She learns to suck cock very quickly. By the end she's a grown woman. When her body transforms my lust unbridles. I shove my dick down to the back of her throat filling her belly.

She still has so much youth and vigor. It would be unfair to her sister if I didn't partake.

I get on top of her slapping our hips together she has immeasurable pleasure, I can feel it. I speed up knowing exactly what she wants. Now it's my turn.

I dig my teeth into her throat tearing it away. I smash my fist into her face. I bear hug her breaking her back. I gnash my teeth and crunch her clavicle. She's dying, I feel her life leaving. Her body spills blood, her pain. She can't breath, only whine. I heal only the wound to her neck.

I seat her on the tree and grab her legs, lifting. I put two cocks into her sending the power of blood and sex circulating through her, she transforms even more. From an attractive adult vixen, her veins bulge with the red energy. From a modest rack, her tits engorge and seethe blue. I almost let go and transform myself.

I stop. She quickly changes back to normal, twitching orgasmically lying against the tree I made.

The experiment. It was so easy. The results were impossible.

I think there's something different about me, something I need to keep secret. So I reach into her mind and tear it out.

Her friend is waiting when we both walk out covered in blood. She shrieks, but then considers it's fake, she doesn't know how any of this happened. If she had any clue, I'd take it from her, too.

*****
[hr]

(The eve of war. Before the march.)

I'm going to war and I'm just about settled in for the night. My rental mother's in bed with me.

"Kiss me goodnight like you've never kissed a woman before." My mother's really enjoying my adult body. She runs her hands around it. "You know. We could sleep in the barn instead."

"Mother, the vixens who sleep there would keep us awake."

She agrees, "Yes?"

"Isn't that so."

"Isn't that so."

She takes off her linen top. I've seen the view many times. My stiff penis agrees, she has very spectacular breasts. I swallow my throat tight. I've seen her hurt, I've done things. I'd do whatever she wants.

"Come," she doesn't hesitate and takes my hand. We go past the kennel, the vixens there stir. I feel my forehead tighten I hold back tears.

We walk through and out the house.

We enter our barn.

(The princess feeds him energy.)

"Did you just..."

I fall to my knees and transform.

"Wonderful," she says.

"Wonderful," everyone agrees. "He's come back. We've been waiting."

This many in the barn is not unusual. But this.

Being lead by a long leash, I whinny and stammer clopping my hooves. She only did enough to turn me into this. [i]Slut of a whore. It's you who've been keeping secrets from me,[/i] I think. I try my tongue, "BBrbrbrb."

The goddess brings me to a vixen who's already holstered herself in a cradle made for breeding mares.

"Who," I ask. I can talk. "I can't see who's there."

She tells me, "You brought us to raid the pups' and let them force themselves on me."

Oh. Yes. There are many stories like this. I never memorized all their names.

I feel the grip, the unmistakable. She moans, too loud. I grunt. I bring my head down to her neck until my muzzle touches her. I open my mouth, instinctively I lick her.

The grip loosens it's like a kiss my penis crowns with her vixen flesh. [i]Mare. She's mare now. I'll mate with this mare.[/i] It slips in. She shimmies grinding until I'm in as deep as she'd be able to take it willingly.

I pump in and out. It's intense my transformed body quakes. It's so good, I precum inside her. I feel another erection unsheathe, it spills precum.. My cocks vibrate. The mare squeals loudly. The one inside her vibrates loud enough it vibrates her vocal chords.

No longer using the pendant, this power could be mine taking form. I slip out. Another vixen comes. I am transforming, I hold her shoulders and fit both cocks.

A hand touches my back. I feel the goddess pouring her energy into me. My body transforms until my head is fully reformed as a goliath.

I have sex with so many.

(He's finally gained control of his power. How will he behave in the tales to come?)

*****
[hr]

Preparing for war. The vixens discuss their tactics.

"I really like your bikini. Mi amore. Were I rubbet the clit vix kitten."

"Clits..."
"Clits?"
"Cli..torus. clitoris?"
"Clicks?"
"No. Clits! Say it like that, 't' clu-iii-ts 'tss' clits."

"I prefer to be naked. I shave all the time anyways. Check out my fin. My fin has a very well-prou'nounc'ed clit."

"Your clit... I can't see it."

"All kinds of tail. Does it feel good if I press on it like..."

"Clits."

"Not a dry cunt in the group. Huh. When's the last time you even saw a man? Two or three days? I was sucking off a pickled zucchini before I knew it, I had brine rolling down my chin."

"You know, a cucumber is better."

"But, the wet comes out for a zucchini. I've got one! I'll show you."

I'm standing here watching them. We're out on a field that's been refitted.

They tend to each other while bathing, sponging, cleaning hair, and applying scented ointments and oils.

"I really get off on rubbing dead animals on my body."

"Like what?"

"All of it. You know, the oil and scents come from whales."

"We make our own oil out of seeds too."

"The sponge is from the ocean."

"It's more of a cloth."

"Alright. Never mind."

I'm able to help them. 

I help clean a broad shouldered vixen with oils. I apply one layer of war dressing water-and-plant-based paint will reflect the light. Someone she knows better will apply paint to cover parts of her she can't do on her own.

There's a layer of incredibly fine ground-up plant-seed jelly that coats them. Their bodies brilliantly shine wet like polished shields of pure and alloyed metal in various hues. They even reflect the glare of the sun in their favor should the enemy have their back to it.

Thankfully their training and upbringing suggests they could refrain from staring directly at their allies at such an inopportune time.

"You're so pretty I want a hug."

"No you'll get your stuff on my stuff."

"Aah! I want to see your titties more why'd you cover them? Here I'll get you a towel you can wipe it. Ow my eyes your tits are glaring at me."

The features they wish to hide are hidden in war dressing and sunlight. They look like glowing spirits outside of the shade. Untouchable. Something ephemeral and uncanny. But most important of all, they look astonishingly beautiful.

"I brought this umbrella for you. Just hold it over your chest. You're not going to keep me away."

The Amazonian tribes that sprouted up around the globe had a keen advantage in the present age of survival. Population growth was one.

"I was ready for this a month ago but..." a pregnant woman laments over growing larger during the march to battle.

"Hey speak for yourself. I still have menstrual cramps. I'd fuck just to not deal with them for, how long?"

The vixens have a unique preparation and fighting style for the entree of war. It's not a surprise there isn't a man in sight. Except.

I'm with a group. We're over six-hundred strong. Me, and six-hundred women I've trained. I have a personal bodyguard, the women who've spent the years with me since I was a pup.

I trained them as I trained my own skills. They did not manifest powers. Even so.

"Here," I tell my black pet. "Blow on this pendant when your strength wanes."

"Excuse me," says one vixen. "You've been summoned to the side of our commander. I think you know her."

I nod. I had a feeling. We never met personally, it's as though our paths were shaped. I've heard of her. Her feats. I've seen her, but only at a time when men were up in arms, willing to spill blood to defend her from an easily mistakable foe. I wouldn't dare get myself killed.

"Come here baby. Do you like vixen (quiet: pussy)? Come with me. Let's get you some vixen (whispering: you'll get some pusspuss, freaky. Horse fuck.) Good baby."

She looks at me innocently. She puts her hand up to my face like she were petting a horse. She pets my neck firmly.

I squeeze her ass making her jump.

If this is some kind of trick, I'll turn her inside out.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C1, Scene 2: Operations[/size][/u]

There is a dark-skinned warrior clad in a sexy woven outfit who greets another equally-tanned, well-armed warrior from behind.

Another attractive woman comes. I'm walking behind her. I see, the commander's there. I'll be nice.

I see the woman in cloth generously squeeze an armor clad warrior's ass from behind. The messenger with dark skin squishes her glutes and she grinds her thumb in deeply spreading the anus like some kind of secret handshake.

"Not so hard. Ow. Come on. Ow." says the vixen in armor. That's the commander. I can't remember her name, this is an issue.

I see the messenger almost penetrate that hot sexy warrior, rivaling my goddess of a rental mom.

[i]Oh shit,[/i] I think, [i]that's hot.[/i] I grab my woman's ass to imitate. She jumps again, I resist a chuckle at her expense, but I hold onto her to play with her butt as long as I can. She shoves away gradually I loosen my grip, but I prod at her anus and flick her fat ass randomly. She makes noise, so I cover her mouth, I'm thinking of fucking her right here. For a tour guide, she could do more to entertain me. There's also the show in front to keep in mind. I slip my lips over hers to keep her quiet while enjoying every last bit of pleasure she can offer. I watch.

The vixen commander is wearing shining golden armor on her muscular body. Pads of shining gold-weave fabric similar to metal is worn in style across her. Her breasts are covered with a thin metal as well as her shoulders and hips where a pleated skirt drape down in a mini length allowing a great deal of skin and butt exposure. There's a golden armor around her midsection with decorative abs chiseled into it.

Her physical assets are equally generous as her drapery. She's muscular. Her pleats swell out at her hip revealing the size of her butt. She has well-formed mounds that spread out behind her chest protection into the drapery.

She has increased visibility. Due to her lack of nudity and long dark hair it's very easy to see her in the desert sun.

(It is Dread, the commander of the Vixen battalion. She's been restored to her glory days. Her ass is big. Her tits are fat and jello-filled. We think that is to her liking.)

I consider. With all the powers at my disposal now, and the platoon secretly aligned to me six-hundred strong, even this woman commanding thousands would bend to me. Why else should I think she's sent for me? She's here to ask a favor.

The clothed one explains her presence, "Oh divine one. I am to hear your wisdom. We need orders."

The commander's already tightly gripping her tool made for obedience. She plays with it stroking the length with her thumb and forefinger circling around.

The 'divine one' looks right at me. She raises an eyebrow wincing slightly, something caught in her eye? She looks away a little too fast. I heighten my senses enough, her mind's drifting to me, she wants me so bad. Her heart's still speeding up. Her sex burns, drooling, searching for her chance to make any excuse.

I let go of my host and walk to this boiling kettle of sexual hypocrisy. I stop. Virgin. The commander's never put anything in her vagina. I would. I could. The sudden transmission of her thought was dissonant, she's had sex, she's a virgin, she's felt a man, she hasn't. Dissonant, dissonant, she's not who she is, she is who she's made, she's not what she was, dissonant, dissonance, dissonance, dididid... ruined. She's been ruined. We're being torn down and remade. We're sex slaved in a time-loop of a make by an ancient of insurmountable power, incredible.

"Incredible," I whisper.

The first shakes her head, startled. Off-kilter. She explains to the commander, "There are not enough men to go around. We're running lower..."

(Ahem. We're sorry to interrupt, but the hero's becoming self-aware. Dread.)

The commander shoves the messenger who shouts and scoffs. 

The commander pulls out a dildo and violently shoves it into her subordinate possibly knocking her senseless in the act. A splatter of wet pussy juice and she yanks the dildo out spraying the girlcum in a flurry of swishes. She twirls the dildo and holsters it to her belt. She levels her gaze to mine.

[i]She knows[/i]. Look at her. She's so beautiful.

The messenger coughs and tries to struggle out a few plattudes, "Wonderful! Wonderful plan. Please please pleeease... I... came. More." Her face became reddened. It was too fast she stutter-steps forward lying on a flat rock.

Finished off, she's on the ground resting as her commander placates her. "Job well done," the divine one commends her subordinate. Still, looking at me. "Now, listen, we have a treat. I'll see to it you're completely satisfied." She motions to me. I feel the woman next to me hold my arm.

"Come here," she tells me. "There aren't many men. A stud like you... Oh," she stops to have a light orgasm. I didn't notice, was I seething into her? "Please..." She pants.

[i]Ok.[/i] I rub her pussy she leans forward reaching up my arm to my shoulder. The commander stands there seeing me molest her. I flick a finger sending a little power in an she screams delightedly. A few more and she spasmodically orgasms bleating like a few kinds of animals spraying her girlcum behind her. I flick her a few more times, and she seizes up like she died from a heart attack, lying on the ground she continues spasming and twitching.

(We've been watching. This power he's manifested, is the demon of blue sex, life, an vanity, he's surpassed the legends of gods that have successfully been recorded.)

I don't... know. My penis is engorged, dripping precum. I am still Vixen.

I come close to the woman leaning on the boulder. My penis is suddenly bristlingly alert leaking down onto the sand. I look at the drooling pussy that was shivved for just a moment. To such a massive release.

It's silent.

Dread is her name. I finally know her. She comes to my face. She is [b]aroused[/b] her face burns with delight. She speaks to me directly with fading breaths, re-catching she breaths in and out trying to calm herself. "Cum inside her? Let me see what you've got," she says, and she looks down at my cock. "I'll take good care of you." Talking to my dick?

The woman half-naked held against a rock. I sense, she's so close, easily suggested. I stroke her back once. "Ready!" she exclaims. "Do me." I stroke her back again, a lazy massage.

I lean in and I feel her tense up and a wet slop of her lubricant spills from her immediately. My need to finish in her is unbelievable. She whines as my weight bears down on her. I plant my chin to the side of her head and turn to her ear. My overbearing pressure through her entirety is filling her head and body. She could cum just from me crushing her.

"There's something coming out of me," I say to her. "My back. I feel him. He'll make me feel... he." Her conscious thoughts. I have them. She stops thinking. I dive deeper. I speak. "I love this person. I will give my most gratified expression." She thinks what I tell her. Wanting it, her face relaxes and then looks like a beautiful open-mouthed climax, begging. I feel her lips, quite nice. I caress her black tanned body. "I'm going to cum harder than I have before and feel grateful like I never have." I let go and look at Dread. The messenger rings out a squealing climax spraying girlcum. This doesn't appear to impress the commander. She stares at my cock, I've turned myself on as well, giving that little trick a show.

A wave after wave of uncontrollable feeling makes the messenger quake and she grinds her hips failing. Contractions from her climax begin. She releases her grip and her cunt spills. She moans loud and quickens. The contractions wreath grasping at my phantom cock. Her depravity felt bottomless. She squeals a few more times while her contractions slow. She's been truly fucked by mere suggestion.

She's laughing. She's truly fucked.

The divine one takes me away.

"You're with me now. Are you really satisfied playing such a nasty trick?"

(Her nipples get hard, a chill goes up her spine.)

"It's time!" she shouts at her subordinates.

She turns to me. She says, "Don't hold back in the slightest. Don't ever hold back."

(He's resisting. His memory is growing stronger. We're not certain what will happen without intervention.)

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C1, Scene 3: Glory | Orgy[/size][/u]

This is far from the besieged encampments where an Amazonian battalion snuck through.

The last rationed man falls.

(He was a captive, to be precise, they don't go about screwing their own men to death every chance they have.)

An army of glamorous divas, deviants, damsels, dolls, and drama queens stand watching with appropriate shock and awe expressed on their faces. They have lean muscle, but their bodies are very fine and seductive, some of their features are drawn and others are plump. His limp cock and his life are drained all too soon and the onlookers groan in despair. And just a few lick their lips thinking about it, taking in his last moments with envy, looking forward to touching his body.

A fierce-eyed female warrior in extravagant jewelry and covered in war-time coats of oil sits upon her fallen mate. The last vestige of the penetration is fading fast as his cock shrinks. 

She closes her eyes and sighs. Her uterus elasticity never fails. There was not nearly enough cum and she drank deep from him.

This method is pretty fair. They're no slouches at war. This is love. This is their right for survival. Their weapon of choice is below their belt. Once they have their first taste, it is an ever-prevailing need to be sodden in male sperm.

(The stories... Our pleasure. They are nymphomaniacs, but it could be more.)

(The vixens feel an urgent sense of doom from abstaining. Their death from celibacy. They believe they will starve. And believe this they must. No vixen has gone hungry during our watch.)

(Nero, too.)

It's a painful need. The loss of her man causes an immediate pang of hunger inside her belly. "It's not enough." She must taste another and fill her emptiness inside.

She sticks out her chest and points to a distant encampment, proclaiming loudly, "We must strike immediately. Begin the siege. If they resist, we can subdue any bitches and rape their men blind! If the men be fat enough to breed swine, fuck them to death! Remember to spare the young and hot ones..."

She paused for too long staring at the gleaming alloy-cast of women who've trained for this moment their entire lives. She denied them a chance to mate with men of good breeding. Should they listen? She mocks them.

Finally, one of them dares speak back, "What? You're telling me I can't get a pick from the litter? You jest."

The announcer smiles at this brave warrior and continues. She will remember her. Mark her.

(She'll watch her. She'll protect her in battle. She'll even fuck her when the festivities start.)

"I wasn't finished. Spare the young and hot ones... for last! You may give them all the water you wish."

There's a startled laugh.

("Give them water," double entendre.)

A chorus of cheers followed.

An Amazonian battalion snuck through to [i]negotiate[/i]. Although, through rumors and propaganda, the slut-tribes and their female caste of warriors is legendary.

(The time the tribes sprouted up is staggered but the speed which they can grow is insurmountable. This story takes place out of time, so excuse us.)

(Bestial-Vixen 'fox', Doe 'rabbit', Luna 'wolf', 
Hellenistic-Aphrodites, Sirens, Fates, and quite a few others, 
Egyptian-Cleopatra 'Ra', Nefertiti, 
Far North-Quite a few beast-worshippers, notably as Valkyrie 'eagle' and snow bunnies, 
collectively "Amazon")

(Our quest will end among Valkyrie, among angels, in due time. Back to the story.)

A really pathetic farming village awaits their pincer force. Women are huddled in their houses. Their men are out on defense, ready to fight.

Despite the armed resistance abroad, the slut-moniker remains universal among many Amazonian tribes. Even in a no-named village like this.

Some of the village Elders sneer when a horde of seldom-dressed women show up before them under a canopy, makeshift umbrella, or ambiguous flag waved for attention. The believe the reputation of sluts to be unnatural, or an abhorrent curse.

"Whores of Babylon. We know what to do with yee's," but, they only murmur this. 'Whores' certainly. But an insurmountable fire burns in their eyes behind the paint and glamour.

The naysayers sit against their huts and makeshift brick-and-mortar fences, and they stew in wait of the outcome.

Unlike the main force, the envoys sent weren't lathered up, or nearly as battle-ready. Completely unarmed. They were dressed to be provocative. 

The men could only hide their arousal. There's confusion about what they were supposed to do. Some suggested, "Scarring them and branding them as harlots." Should they try to remain. Maybe they would reject a formal agreement resorting to invasion.

But others refrained, "There are too many. They have horses. They outmaneuvered our kingdom's army."

"We'll pay the price in food and water. We'll be lucky if half the village doesn't starve."

Arrangement or no. It was undeniable. The actions (pacifism, courage), the display of wealth on their bodies, the preparations in their invasion, and tactics required to out-maneuver the kingdom and the protective encampment sent to block them. Their loss at a strategic level has put the Vixens at their doorstep. Undeniable.

The women are immaculate, they are well fed, there's no sign of morale loss or lethargy, the women are trained to obedience. They stand straight, proud. They tower over the men as they walk past.

All this, the villagers were not.

The elders, bent-backed, sit against their huts and feel the looming end of civilization (as they know it), they think of the end of the world. They impotently hold their crotches and discuss, 'what to do' when they've already felt their defeat at the hands of statuesque 'harlots,' 'sluts,' 'whores.' The ones who remember at least, the ones with any sense remaining know the remaining options were not very favorable; eat, fuck... repeat? Not so different from life as it were, but the question remains, how long can they last?

*****
[hr]

The village's acting chief in command arrives.

Nero, that's me.

I woke up today and was told to get dressed for diplomacy. March to the center of town wearing ceremonial garb and negotiate with Amazons.

[i]Fuck, I hope it's not the Bitch tribe again. In the middle of maneuvering to stop a desert tribe and the usual banditry. Feeding bitches, or letting them snoop around the village for several days while they sponge off us. It's the worst.[/i]

I get in a quickie with my female advisors.

"If I don't make it back, remember, it's my child," I told her.

I got on my horse and rode here. My information about this tribe of invaders is a little flimsy. They're pretty good looking, not a roaming tribe of nitwits. So, they're not [i]Bitches[/i].

I'm here to [i]negotiate[/i]. I see a bare-chested envoy already there greeting me. So. Negotiate means.

[i]Wow she's, wow. She's really good looking. A little closer and I'll get a good view of her nipples.[/i]

They're wealthy. Not bitches?

"What hails you?" I ask. Finally able to question the immaculate splendor before me.

"Vixen."

[i]I think I know this, somehow.[/i]

I'm the War Chief. I drool ogling this bare-chested vixen on show. Were she here to offer a pact or discuss marital rights, to subsume our village into theirs, [i]hell yes.[/i] If they want us to negotiate terms of defeat, [i]nah, these fu...[/i] Hmm.

(Huh. He's able to remember. We can sense it. Although the envoy is captivating.)

[i]Titties.[/i]

The envoy's breasts are augmented by the best jewelry that the invading tribe could fashion. She is completely bare-chested with a crest of fancy gold and jewels framing her bust. She looks fair-skinned, unlike the rest of her cohorts. She has a fine glaze of honeyed and milky oil coating her skin. The smell is intoxicating.

[i]This is better than I could have imagined. Vixen. If the rumors are true... she'll make an offer.[/i]

She speaks, "I offer you myself..."

[i]There it is.[/i]

"We accept."

She bows low, because I interrupted her. I see her angelic tits fall and my dick rises.

I get off my horse and take her hand. She'll be up on it. But right now I merely hold her hand and grant her my exuberance.

I like every part of her I see from her muscular abs to her narrow shoulders. Her ass flashing in view. She has an intricate jewel belt and finely woven silk. I take in her pinched areolae, they've sprung up to greet me, they bounce when she stops raising her head. I swallow holding back the urge to devour her. I salivate at the smell wafting off her. I embrace her. I lick her chest and suck at her nipples. Fuck it, I devour her. This gives her pause. I kiss her neck under her jaw. I lick her ear. I squeeze her tits, her shoulders twist as though she'd escape, but her duty demands she remain and allow it.

Courtesy of her offering.

Her ass. I finger her as hard as I can like I'm gripping onto the edge of a cliff. I slip a thumb into her mouth while she's looking right at me. I lick her. Her lips and tongue taste like honey. Of course, I go back down and work at her nipples again. I groper her ass with both hands. The texture of it is incredibly delectable, like some of the best honeycombed confections I've tasted plus the honey. She lets the air out of her mouth in a moan. Her tits, the mammaries surrounding the areolae too, I suck around them close to the jewelry. My teeth rub into them. Her jewels and decorations are coated in oils that have spilled over them and my fingers as I grab her there. The plump bosom and smooth as silk ornaments only add to the feel of her on my lips and tongue. She's a sweet honey-coated woman. Her body is covered in the stuff mixed with oils and pleasant odors. I remove my hands and smell the sweet odor of her ass, scented in a perfumy scent, only faintly womanly.

I focus on one of her tits for the majority of the time. She'll be in agony the entire time and let me have my way. I want to get every last nook and sucked the sweet flavor out. What's left is a dark, incredible erect nipple thick and lumpy full of raised bump. I'd have her other nipple the same and I grope it causing her to start shuddering anew.

[i]Take your licks, in the years to come you will get yours in.[/i]

I must have sucked her tits for half an hour.

She is grimaced when I get a look at her. Her face is displeased. Her shoulders are tightly squeezing holding her breasts inward, but she's not fighting.

I slip a finger down where her clit is and feel little puffs of air, her pussy is breathing as hard as her chest. I knowingly slip a finger in, she greets it with a firmness and allows it to slip out easily. Her pussy milking the tip of my finger.

Was I too rough? Well? Was she not ready? I flick her yet sucked nipple and see it shake her. She's sensitive. I flick her nipple. She puts her hands over her crotch. She shakes her head. She bows.

I run my hand over her hair feeling the ornaments there. I feel her back and shoulders. She has decorative clothes hidden under the jewels. She's a prim sultry slut for bedding, I can enjoy every inch of her to my hearts content right here.

Right here in my village... 

(No that'll spoil the next part.)

[i]No,[/i] I think. I tell myself that's not what I want.

"Come. I'll accept," I tell her.

We get on my horse. My dick is hard, she feels it. She had a good look at it a moment ago. She offers, "If it is your wish. You can take advantage of your position, right here. One so great shouldn't carry such a burden."  Something at her back prods me. She meant she wants my dick, now.

My dick is rubbing into her tailbone through the fabric against my riding cloth. I feel for [her tail] her ornament. It's quite delicately hidden under cloth and straps.

"Lift your tail," I whisper.

"That, I can... how'd..." she lifts up her belt keeping her privates on display. There it is. That's the thing there. Exemplary. Absolutely astounding. Incredible. I can't imagine anything better, so many times we've spent a lifetime together.

She looks back to me. I tell her, "I like that look. I know, you want to fuck right here on the back of the horse. Let's indulge in that." She takes a very suggestive position to increase her contact. Her ass is pointed upwards. Her face and arms are lying flattened against the horse's mane. She's already flexing her gorgeous inputs. My cock rubs into her curvaceous lower-back. Until I slip it under where she's able to get her folds to touch. There. I agonizingly slip the head of my erect cock past her upper plane through her smooth taint tickling her. Finally, it slips under, and she 'catches' it at her entrance. I slap her ass. [i]The tip.[/i] Thrust! It goes in enough. We romp into the enemy-now-allied ranks with the feeling I'll shoot my load, and it lasts so long.

I think I'll pop. But, will I? Keep going. Keep going. Uhhh. I grab her shoulders and hook my fingers into her face. I bit her and vigorously pump until my strength fades. She flexes her insides and they swish around so elegantly teasing it out, I cum. Yes... I cum. Her tail jerks up and down while her insides continue milking me like they're trying to drain every drop.

"You've always been so good at understanding me."

She doesn't say anything. She covers her face while her pussy does the talking, bringing me back to full mast.

[i]The Valkyrie slave is not uncommon for angels. I will satisfy my needs immediately.[/i]

I halt the horse. We haven't gone too far.

With blood in my cock I look at an entourage of gleaming naked women surrounding us. My interest in [i]the offer[/i] has renewed. The implications of choosing whomever I like.

Insidious. Devastating. Conquest. I was Vixen, these women don't know me. I'll do whatever I want. I'm not some indulgent War Chief, I'm Nightmare.

I transform into a djinn in front of them, the force of my spirit and telepathy makes them submit immediately. I stroll into the crowd of naked women.

There were some incredible figures of women in the platoon with coloration, rare jewels, and alloys that could fetch a king's ransom. It's as though they were a trove of walking, breathing, sexually active treasure, and less so a group of murderous barbarians.

She made her offer. Now it's payment. I'll take everything. I smile.

[i]Come to me.[/i] And they do. [i]Follow me.[/i] And they do.

I transform into a black Nightmare. My hands form, I grab the envoy. I place her on my back.

It's like a woman being whisked way as a horde of misfits watches. As he rides off into the sunset before the happily ever after. What they'll find is a big fattened and cum-covered mare I've fertilized. A pregnant woman. [i]Forgive this[/i] my soon pregnant wife.

I trundle forward.

We reach her place of stay. It's wide enough I enter. I help her off.

The envoy's hut is spacious. I take in the fine womanly appeal of it. Drapes separating the place. Tent poles are decorated as well as the furnishing. [i]They set this up in half a day?[/i] The seven other women come in with candles from outside and place them. Warriors come with stuffed pads (pillows) and gradually form a large bed large enough half of the women can all lie down on it.

As they build up this bedding I take the envoy into the corner of the hut. I tear off her clothes releasing her wings. She lets them out to cushion herself. I put my weight onto her and grab her tits. She squeals. "No..." It ends here. I stick my blood red cock between them and fuck. Fuck! The stuff pours out onto her crying face covering her. I hold her to my chest and suck at her shoulder licking her there.

My diphallic pricks want more. I turn her to her side and slip the vibrating monster in. Fuck. Fuck! She screams and twists. I hold her head steady and fuck these amazing tits. They bounce easily from the side. She's passing out. I get on her front again and jerk off the blue cock cumming on her face some more.

The little pillow fort they built is ready. The angel would have sex with me but I've already worn her down. Her sensitive tits can't handle even this much. I play with her sleeping face. I lick off enough cum I'm sure it won't be a problem. Now them.

Seeing them dimly lit. The reflection of their alloy, the makeup, their coats of arms no longer prevent me from taking it all in at once. They were like unfinished pots of clay. I am pretty good at making pots of clay. Even more women, more, more. It's too many for me like this, but I will master my body before they can.

I especially love to dig my fingers in deep and smell the fresh soil to determine how fertile it is. I scoop up armfulls and lay in an ocean of pillows and naked women. Were they upset that such a huge beast would be their mates? No. If anything, they looked astonished, what luck.

Am I having that dream again?

I'm in a bed, I have a strange body. Women are riding me on my front and I've been covered in them. I see their eyes and smiles.

I can recognize seven I chose on a whim, in another life. I see many others that I chose on a whim over the course of decades. Lifetimes, many lifetimes I've spent reaching this height of power. So many contradicting versions of reality were they meant to unfold as they did before. So many impossible responsibilities were I to repeat the kindness I displayed before.

The hordes of seductive women come like a never-ending flood groping my penis, it becomes slippery with oils. Both cocks spill. The Nightmare isn't one capable of holding back, much.

I emerge from the pile helping them off me.

The Vixen envoy is a masochist. I love seeing her suffer from the titjobs. I ride her chest and cum knowing she can't last. It's only now, I have this form. Only now, perhaps. I can beat her without such tricks.

She unconscious. I bind and gag her on display for the rest to observe. Her ass on display. Her wings wilted to the floor. I tear off her belt and the jewels fall to the floor like useless pebbles clinking together.

I shove my face in her ass and I'm greeted with a sweet honey flavor. My tongue dives in. Deep. Deep penetration I ejaculate my salivating cum inside her anus. It tastes like bread and milk. I pull out. I finish licking her ass until she's relaxed enough to shut.

There's also this. I slip my tongue into her slit and her pie splits. A delicious smelling mix of cream and female lubricant spill out. She squeals and moans at the same time like she's already close to climax. Her insides want to take it, her insides have the power to beat my tongue, untrained as it is. A single cock can't match the power of an angel's best. Her ability to fight the instinct is far more impressive.

She is impossibly wound up after we'd copulated so vigorously on horseback. Her insides unlatch allowing me to go deeper, deeper, I feel her inside click and another inch in. My hairy tongue drips along the entrance. I bring my lips close to kiss it. 

After her wetness spread she has delicacy of ground sweets covering her nethers. Not just honey. She was ready for anything. A delightful surprise for me. I shove my face in her ass and eat the pie baked into her crevices while the rest watch. I lick sending my tongue out of her and up her crack, it reflexively punctuates the motion by finding its way back up her ass, a French-kiss for the black beauty, if you will.

She let out so much, she's still gushing between contractions. I dig my tongue in swirling it to stir her, forcing a spasm, an orgasm. If I'm not mistaken, she's been having a long climax, and enjoys every bit of it. The parts of her I touch twitch in excitement. She's not fighting, wherever I touch, wherever something of mine, as big as a pinky enters, whatever meets wherever she has a way of dragging along it, stimulating arousal, tantalizing my sense.

(What a delight for the both of you.)

I move away and admire her wings. I think I've pumped so much cum onto her I've had my fill. I can control this body very well. I lift her up slightly and set her in a comfortable position, like lifting a stuffed animal.

The rest of the women have a turn. I take them. I have sex normally at first. The feeling of my veins flexing my blood pumps cool sweat covers liquids splash about I cum ejaculate spooge cover their oiled bodies in white sustenance. They admire it.  

Women with beautiful armor, bangles,earrings, silk, ornamental jewels, they come naked and covered in fabrics. They undo their hair sometimes. Their hair's so long it touches their calves. They come wearing braids, braided tails, pigtails, extensions, knots, buns, plumes. Perfumes, deblooms, small crowns, necklaces, ankle bracelets, dazzling smiles. Surgical slashes, stitches, inset gems, outcropped skins, subcutaneous piercings, cinched waistlines, cupped breasts, quarter-inch nails, warpaint, evocative, provokative, seductive...

Some reflect the light, some absorb it like shadows, clay painted. Together they look like a group of unmolded clay, or wet clay pots. I have sex with a mountain of women. (Terracotta sluts.)

They stand in lines for me to lick their faces. They put their faces together for me to cover them in cum. Their bodies are coated. They ride my back while I have sex. My tail joins, I can fuck three women lying below me at a time, and a fourth. I start sucking up their arms and legs like noodles. I suck on their tits and play with all their deliciously lewd faces.

The envoy wakes up.

"I'll have you again now," I tell her. I'll tell her every time she wakes up.

I walk past the group and grab rope from my satchel. She instinctively responds lowering her head. I see feathers sticking out behind her back and a leaf of feathers comes before her covering her body.

"That won't stop me," I say.

"It's nothing," she says. "Do whatever you like. I'm merely humbling myself to my lord."

I tie her arms and legs, I tell her, "This is what my better-trained soldiers are doing." I have the urge to take things further. "You shouldn't have this." I stroke her wings.

[i]She's an angel though.[/i]

"Hide you wings. You will not defend yourself."

[i]I have a bad feeling.[/i]

[i]What is this?[/i] Where am I?

(His mind falters, at such a bad moment.)

She has an amazing body. She has a fragrant smell. Sweet milk coloration and honey coats her. She has a decorative wing... I push her wings up and they easily move. Below... [i]Beautiful.[/i] I feel for my penis, this, this? WHAAAAAT? 

[i]AAAAHAAAHHHH[/i]. What is that?

I look to her for an explanation. I see she's bound. My handiwork. Very well. My penis is hard, my penis, an this other thing. I have sex with her cramming them all in at once. I can't resist cumming inside her. There's a loud blat!!! Her insides clench around sending enjoyable shockwaves into me while the crashing blow of my climax forces its way through her.

"Oh fuck [i]Amazing[/i]."

I cum from both pistons barely moving. Her insides have always been, will always be master of an ancient primordial intuition, sensory, computation, execution, my male organs yield to her need to consume all white matter. She has control. I think, my mind's numbing to the point I'm focused on nothing but the cock jiggling [i]cunner slurp flatulant cac ak kakaka boom[/i]. Do it again, I think, I think?

She slaps into me and brings me close to a next orgasm immediately. Hearing my reaction, she even starts to giggle.

She whispers, "You're not so bad, after all."

"I can do that..." she starts to fret, and stops telling me. [i]I know what she's trying to say. She can give me this same feeling, for days.[/i] She [i]shows[/i] me by slapping into my hips again ([i]Really good[/i]). "That. You like it."

She seems really small. The part of her holding me has taken over my brain. I nod, I loll my tongue out, she immediately suck it into her mouth swallowing. Nasty, hot!

She knows I like it. While the rest of the envoys watch she's playing with my climax edging me with her pussy skill squeezing my cocks inside her.

[i]I have her bound at my mercy,[/i] never. Never once I'm in her, like this. It's a lie, it's not even a little bit honest. [i]Perhaps.[/i] I lay down the law, immediately.

Smack. I jerk my head and clench my abs. I groan. Being brought so close to climax... was the same as having an orgasm. She adds a long stroke, knowing somehow, it would work. And I didn't cum yet, but it was making me so impossibly close I can't tell if I came because of the wetness of her spreading inside me.

(She knows.)

The cock up in her ass blows its load. She tilts her head back. [i]Unexpected[/i] she's thinking that, I've completely filled her, her belly is expanding.

There are many women waiting for me. I grab the envoy's hips to... to... I rock my head back. I'm going to cum and we aren't moving, I can't stop it.

Her grip loosens. Not enough, both cocks blow at the same time. I come closer to her face to kiss her.

(That lucky girl.)

She offers, "Glurk!" Approving.

[i]More of this![/i] we're both thinking. The sex is good. Don't stop.

The rest of the women watch as we stutter, and fuck, cringe halting the next climax, and her belly expands bringing the cycle around to the beginning again. They quietly admire the work their envoy displays.

I don't know how long it lasted. But I can tell you, a man would give anything just to be with a woman like this for a few minutes. I have her for a lifetime. When we've finally explored every avenue of enjoyment I can start thinking about something else.

[i]I unleash spirit power, magic courses throw the throngs of vixens that have gathered. My transformation subsides back into something somewhat human. Like this, I can take them all on.[/i]

I'll discover the children from my village tattooed with thorns in the campsite by the end of the day, over the course of a month they'll be dispersed across encampments. In the future I'll return to my village. If the grownup women there stir my desire and emotion, after sleeping with this envoy, I'll have them too.

(Interesting. His power manifested. This is nothing we haven't seen though. Were he powerful enough to reshape the reality, he could escape. We'll have to watch to find out.)

*****
[hr]

(And what happens to the village over the next hour or so?)

Having walked through the encampment. The news and apparent 'surrender' of the village at the hands of the War Chief spreads quickly.

"We have captured the city," the strong woman who finished their last ration in the nearby camp speaks. "Now, to the victors, go the spoils of war!"

In a well-defended cottage, the children are rounded up. The girls are inspected, and the strong ones are tattooed with thorns. The fat or thin ones are left to reclaim the village. Imperfect. The boys aren't inspected, they join the strong girls, unmarked. Indentured love slaves. They're allowed to grow strong with the women. However, after maturing they are only breeding material. It's almost guaranteed their fate is sealed.

(This was the more careful regime. That's enough about them until the future. Soon.)

*****
[hr] Unchanged

(How do the vixens fuck? Like swashbuckling bandits crashing a brothel, their lust and audacity is unleashed in a frenzy.)

Terrifying.

Unlike the envoys, the encampment was prepared to fight. Their soft-bodied women, naked and lubed with dark oils enter unseen. Men are stripped by the vixen thievery on the streets and lured into soft beds, lofty haystacks, or some soft place unseen. They were ready to fight in many strange ways. 

Horrifying.

The warriors wearing real heavy-duty armor disrobe before feasting on newly conquered flesh. Various warriors with provocative garb, very light armor, nude. Good to go. They all have their way with men that day.

Dreadful.

Several of them enjoy one man at a time. To their lover's delight, they demonstrate what they've learned, what they've imagined he'll do. To their lover's horror, they go too far and he must break them up.

Insatiable.

They don't even leave each other alone to enjoy the victory.

There is a butch vixen, brazen, even covered in makeup colored in a brass alloy for the hunt. She's grinning in self-gratification. A platoon leader, not [i]her[/i] platoon leader. But it's not like there's a distinction now.

She has a satisfied grin, gratified.

She has been keeping an eye on a youthful younger warrior from the start. Stalking her prey. She's followed her out of the encampment, it's like she lost her mind. The obsession with this woman's bravery. The desire to consume her vixen ally. Her lascivious thoughts are giving her such satisfaction.

She remembers. "You're telling me I can't get a pick from the litter?" the brave warrior's words.

"Water them. Give them... Spare the young and hot ones... for last! You may give them all the water you wish," her invigorated announcement.

Yes, she remembers. She watched her scurry through all the way to here. The girl's brave, but she's also so new to this.

Following her, the stalking platoon leader of vixen sluts feels her heart pound. Nothing but growing excitement inside.

[i]I saw her beautiful blossom with my eye
Dampness softened her petals
A little water encourages growth[/i]

A little poetry
A facade
Uncommon
My mischievous smirk
Truly
Lascivious is my nature

[i]She's already overflowing
can wilt
I've never touched her
there
should
That must
change[/i]

(There's little foreplay necessary. Training for something like this is mandatory.)

While following, a glint of well-lubricated pink flashes into view. White light from the sun glinting where the ashen paint has washed off. The pink lips of her prey's underbelly frothing in girlcum. Her mark is flashing her as she trespasses right behind her with a self-impression of mystique.

(She's not trusted by women she's already preyed on, but this time, she's certain she'll have her way. This girl isn't hiding anything.)

Her own cunt, burgeoning wet and drooling. The sight of her prey's own spilling. [i]You foolish little slut. I'll water you.[/i]

[i]I'll suck... there.[/i]

She comes close, so close, almost right beside her before letting her presence be known. "Youhoo. We're almost alone now, if you scream it'll only make me excited," says the woman who commenced it all. She takes her mark aside roughly in two strong hands eliciting a shriek of surprise. "You were brave. I'll have you as you would a man. You understand." [i]You can't say no, says her eyes, glancing down now. "You have a killer lady-boner. You hot little fuck."[/i]

The aggressor is a larger woman, butch, with more of a built upper body. Her blonde hair is tight in a neat tie. Her oiled skin isn't much different from the rest of the group that parted to stealth in favor of man-soothing, a type of theft and skulkery, lasting only a few seconds, to strip their linen and then bare your naked body to them as an apology. Of course, the point is to get the man angry, get an erection, they can't deny becoming aroused, have them grudge you, and have sex with them as often as possible.

The prey opens her mouth. Immediately, the butch vixen forces her lips on the woman's mouth she's marked. She shrieks "stop" while it continues.

(She's doing what? We touch ours, watching.)

The platoon leader has more aggressive tactics. Stirring drama by fucking her comrade will put them both on edge for what's to come next.

It's not always like this, but it's a stereotypical butch and little vixen drama. The power fantasies can overcome even their carnal need to devour men. They are romantic sometimes. They feel for each other in complex ways.

The smaller woman is only a head shorter but it makes her appear very young compared to the one taking the lead. Her soft long eyelashes flutter and her black tangles of hair ruffle as a hand scoops them up off her back crumpling them to the back of her neck. She tilts her head back. The leader comes face-to-face while kissing her lower-belly-to-her-mouth and her back arches fully embraced.

[i]Bitch,[/i] thinks-says the little vixen, she can't articulate. [i]Fuck![/i] She groans and murmurs disapproval being blindsided. She likes... she hates. She's loyal. [i]I'm here to fuck men, I don't want to fuck a woman. I don't know you. Vixen... definitely.[/i] She clenches her butt finally, having being given a brief moment to anticipate the next move.

Roughly dipped [i]wait no![/i] her hair spills, she loses balance, she's tilted back almost swept off her feet and one foot leaves the ground no longer supporting her weight. She kicks her leg and sprawls trying to catch herself from falling.

[i]Eiiiiii[/i] she both screams vocally, and with her whole body, with her audible-mouth covered it comes out her nose. Her body braces for the expected bone-crushing slam of the strong woman pinning her. This is not a completely new experience by any means.

[i]I'm getting!!![/i] "What?! Aieheehee." [i]Her fingers touched me she's groping my ass. There. There?! Where's she going next?[/i]

She startled braces and pants only to suck in more tongue and feel a hand grope her ass. Both her feet leave the ground removing all sense of control. She gently-enough drops as the woman crouches down. Then her weight is on her. It happened slowly, but the molestation and tongue-kissing is enough she couldn't concentrate, it felt so fast. She flaps her crotch feeling a tingle there.

[i]Nonono. She's too good at this, I can only hope she's a good lover. Good? She's good. I mean, not too rough![/i]

"Uuhhh uwaaaa uuh," she manages and tilts her head back. She was wet from the thought of fucking men as she snuck in to this part of the village. She was hunting for prey, only to become one, like this. This is somehow far sexier.

(Most vixens will approve of the fated encounter in retelling.)

They lie down and the one who took the lead strips off both their clothes. Both their desire is unfurled, dripping, revealed, wet lubricant, fully, clits pushing to reach the surface. Both their crotches have spilled frothing at the surface coating their oils in milk.

[i]So cute, I'll have this ladyboner to myself, I have, I have her,[/i] thinks the brazen butch molesting her prey. She slips a finger across to get a feel for the silky smooth concoction and the head of the woman she'll mount. The butch quirks an inarticulate expression on her face between orgasmic and disgust at the pungency (sweet), the viscous female. It's not like every day. Then she goes up seeing her touch had an impact on her prey as well.

The chest of the small woman can be held in her hands, the oil is dark and thick. The small but plump tits between her fingers, nude, hidden in ash. She wipes the oil. "Sweet," she whispers. The nipples are much easier to see, almost white by comparison, light pink. She grins and holds her head up to resist immediately sucking these tits she's unveiled so easily.

There are small sacks on belts in her way. No doubt they contain ashen black oils and fat or even grease. She removes the belts fully denuding the woman's torso and revealing her hips, belly, and upper crotch. She can shove her hand in there now without resistance. The skin's oiled and with added grease from either of their stash there's low resistance.

She can feel her pussy's own heat and need for this. She grabs the woman's leg pulls it up to her shoulder and jackknifes their cunts together scissoring her. If she had a cock she's be skewering this little slut.

"Urggn. Urrr!" both of them groan, the sensation is like... sticking something delicious in your mouth, and not being able to swallow. She'll have to chew them together.

The shorter woman moves to push back. A fury in her assailant's eyes erupts. She's forced to her front exposing her back. Her arm is lashed in a rope and she finally figures out what's happening. She screams before crushing weight prevents her. A gag follows, ready to slip in as soon as she opens her mouth. Her nose is covered. She gives in to breathe and the implement goes in.

Her arms are bound together behind her back and she can't struggle. Something slips into her anus. The weight comes off. She's put on her side.

(These things aren't survival or for breeding with men. The lead vixen must have practice. Her comrades allowed her to get this good at it. That's telling.)

The fucking continues after she's bound. What's the point of yelling now?

[i]Fine,[/i] she thinks. [i]Hurry. Hurry![/i]

"Yes! Oh! Hurry, faster!" she starts begging, slightly muffled. If two women fuck like this they can climax. It's not what she was expecting, but it'll work, she's welcoming it, she likes fucking women. This one's amazing.

The bigger woman's found her own spot and grinds her clit into the pubic bone on the shorter woman. She groans and furiously closes in on climax speeding up. "Mine. Hit mine." The woman under her tries shifting her hips to line up her clit. "I can't feel it. Help me cum."

[i]Fuck she's just going to do it on her own?[/i] the brave woman feels in anger. "Use me," she demands.

The bigger vixen breathes out satisfaction. [i]Not done.[/i] Her desire wasn't met. Noticing the mistake, she already came. The butch vixen feels for her own clit at first rubbing it. [i]Fucking yes. I won't be satisfied until I make her, too. Water... fuck it.[/i] The romantic buildup is tossed, useless now. She can use her fingers.

"Uhh. Uwwwu!" squeals the smaller woman.

[i]That's right. I'll even put them in. Enjoy.[/i]

She proceeds to finger-fuck and finger the clit of her consort bringing her to climax. She has very strong hands that easily accomplish the job. As the smaller woman gets heated closing in on that moment, she changes position.

Gag removed.

"No don't. What? What?" surprised, the smaller vixen quibbling is now face-to-clit.

The lead brings her slit down and grinds into her face until the unmistakable feeling of cunnilingus. Her ass cheeks have nestled in around her consort's face a bit as well. She climaxes fully, and proceeds to return the favor.

They quietly sixty-nine outside on the ground in a strange place teeming with soot-black ally bodies shifting around them. [i]Watch. It's a waste of your time. I'll get off if you watch. You should be fucking men... or each other.[/i] If only a man were watching them now, they could team up on him and have their way.

The rogue platoon leader says, "Hey, how about we see if someone's in this place. I'll let you wear the gag when it's your turn."

(That is it for their side-quarrel. Fast friends, we assure you.)

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C1, Scene 4: Logistics[/size][/u]

(You might wonder what went wrong. How did the Vixens surround the village so easily? Somewhere far from the peace and the village, we have our answer for you.)

I am Nero. I am a warrior.

[i]Something's wrong, I'm not supposed to be here. I was with Dread, then a War Chief, and now here I am.[/i]

I'm sitting atop a horse. I'm ready to fight whomever may grace the battlefield in opposition.

[i]As a Vixen we were assaulting the village.[/i]

[i]Did I fall asleep with my envoys and dream this up?[/i]

I hold a cleaver.

[i]I drop it. It falls to the ground far from my reach.[/i] I feel myself to see if there's a backup. Nope.

Someone rides next to me laughing and hands me a wooden board. I'd be embarrassed if I knew what was going on.

"Excuse me. Who are we up against?"

The person who offered a wooden plank says, "It's a bit late for that." He sidles his horse away from me, no doubt thinking I've addled and should be considered a liability. There's a sound, unmistakably to start the assault, forcing the entire front flank to rush forward. After a few seconds the horse I'm on makes haste not to be left in the dust.

Amazons. I see them when the gap between riders forms. Their tans and their shining damp skin is... the rear battalion. They hold metal, wooden, and stone tools resembling weapons. Those are not weapons, those are props.

I take a look at the army I charge in with. They hold spears, knives, shears, rakes. They've been sharpened and cooked on a fire, tipped with ash or polished to look fearsome. The tools held by the warriors beside me are properly honed to shed blood. This is the terrifying truth of the Amazons. They would give up their lives to ensure such brutal warriors could satisfy their lust for blood, and conquest.

Unbelievable. The cleaver I dropped is unimportant I only have a minute or so to figure out. I have a faint interest in my pockets. I have gear, strings, ropes, some certain devious machinations to foul the women. So, it was planned, we knew the army would be Amazonian.

The armies clash and it'll be a few seconds. I brace.

On horseback versus foot soldiers, we stampede through. They crumble immediately. My hair raises.

I remind myself, [i]The vixens are proud. They are strong. They will make it.[/i]

The women weren't just knocked down, they were rolling in stitches from the breakthrough we made. Only a few remained upright in a losing battle with men playing with them. The vixens are quite good. Even many of these from the rear battalion.

I calm down and get off my horse. The fight's technically over. Then I see the men go to work on the defenseless.

The strongest women are darting back and forth trying to escape a circle that's been formed around them. The men take up the defensive then feign a counter attack, making them break for it and run to the other side. After a while they looked too tired to keep fighting and the men bring out bags and ropes to saddle them.

So many men. The women in gleaming alloys with wealth of equipment will be ruined. The pick of the litter goes to a small contingent of men all at once. Ruined.

I flex my muscles. Women like those, belong to the strongest. I walk to the group stripping off their clothes. The bondage and saddles restrain their catch completely.

Closer, I see her. The horse saddle covers the vixen's back almost entirely, with her arms lashed behind her she looks like rice wrapped in seaweed with a marinara spread along her, deep-fried in oil, her feet are red dipped in sweet molasses and honey. Her face is already bruised, some of the feigned blows, she took punches on the chin without restraint.

I can do this. I can't do this. Why am I not transforming?

"Help me out here. This body is weak. Goddess. The pendant..." I plea to the bestower. The pendant...

(Far from him the woman he gave the pendant to feels the presence. A platoon of over six-hundred trainees he's guarded through adulthood. We suppose.)

An armada of fully armed Amazonians charges over the horizon. The men tying up their catches have to get up on their horses. Unfortunately, the women who weren't properly tied down yet get an extra walloping to incapacitate them. I see it happening the moment a warning drill begins, someone shouts as well as wooden instruments, people clash their sticks together as an alert. Everyone gets back on their horses but for those in front of me.

I remain still. Captured by Vixens in a truce, is no worse off than letting them take over the village. If I'm there, letting them take over, then this is almost meaningless.

I'm only able to take what's at hand. I wait for the men to finish screwing the platoon leader and her bodyguards. There are a few other groups of men doing this instead of returning to mount a counter-offensive.

When the vixens come closer, they dismount. I see them. My eyes, these are my women. I smile. They smile back. They're amazing.

I ask, "When is the last time we've slept together?" The vixen I spoke to stops, her shining makeup glints. She stretches, exposing her neck. She slides a hand from her shoulder past her breast, touching herself.

Unlike the rag-tag band of dirty camouflaged rear-battalion. Unlike the rabble that I was with. [i]Oh. That's right.[/i] I look behind me at the sound of the men falling from their horses, getting pinned.

Some of them are big enough to fight hand-to-hand. Many that brought sharpened farming tools are not so well equipped. The vixens who took them on now were trained by me, sexually, martially, they would know how to disarm, the brunt of force. They've been having sex with me.

My heart jumps. I'm not a Vixen in her eyes. I turn back to look at her. She's measuring me up, like a pup. Is that what I look like now? An immature. No "vixen slayer." No "stud." Not even a recognition that I was looking at her as an ally in the moment.

I can't believe my fucking luck.

I turn looking at the woman bound in a saddle. Cum cakes her labia. She's quite incapable of moving. I move closer to her, the vixen in warpaint dashes between us and shakes her head. I'm slow. I'm weak. This is what it's like for them, isn't it.

[i]She's going to fuck my brains out. This isn't what I asked for.[/i]

(Oh well. The tables have turned.)

A woman grabs my back. Definitely, it's like getting shoved into a freshly risen flour dough or falling into a bed of flowers. Her grip is surpassing my strength. Her tits touch my back poking into me like little marbles smoothed by ocean currents and placed on a riverbank. I want to look at them. If memory serves, this is a woman I would gladly lay eyes on, every time.

Then several come in front of me. The instructor, the deer, the dolphin, my pets, all my pets. There's the black beauty with my pendant. Familiar. But, to this body. I have an unfamiliar erection.

A woman in silver directs her comment openly, "Look at this. He's not fighting. We should reward such a bold man. Sun and moon."

Oh.

The pet with my pendant comes closer, "We have a game for you," she tells me.

I don't remember this part of the training. What have they been playing with behind my back.

She blows on the pendant. Then she offers it to me, "Blow on this." Ok. I do it and the grip on me feels gentle suddenly. The strength. I easily have control of my body. "Fight us." She says. "You can have sex with any one of us. We just want to see how worthy you are to become a Vixen." And drain my cum, I finish. Should the urge arise.

It's not a bad deal. If I incapacitate all but a few of them, they will be satisfied enough. But, this is not what I've become accustomed to. My powers.

(Sealed. As War Chief he was whole.)

The pet with my pendant stands aside.

I take in the view. Gleaming metals, their makeup, reflecting beams of light. The horses they road in on are prepared to kneel if they need to quickly jump back on.

The army I rode in with looked like a dung heap by comparison. I take another final look around, they've been defeated, mostly, the vixens ride them. I see their shining wet reflections. They're practically invisible. The men are covering their eyes not from tears but to stop the blinding light from scouring their retinas.

I take up a fighting stance. They murmur.

"What is this. Why's he standing so confidently. Impressive. Look at the way he tilts ready to strike."

"His body can't possibly be strong enough to hold this posture. The pendant."

Something about my combat form. Yes. I have fought them like this. When I was Vixen. To them I'm a stubby whelp. A shrimp imitating a scorpion now. They only look impressed for a few seconds.

A completely naked battle-ready warrior takes me on. I fought them as a pup, with this same handicap, I conquered them all. They're a little better now. We grapple to the ground grunting, her hand's in my face. She's slippery, I'm not. I roll, something of an advantage I've learned, the oils' only downside was the lack of acceleration. I've been significantly buffed by the amulet and as soon as I land a blow I hear her bones snap. Her elbow block to my kick ended poorly.

I stop listening. The howling pain. It'll be everywhere soon enough. The pet rushes to the fallen vixen and offers the amulet. She's using it as a sutcher?

I try to steal it immediately. Her strength from using it on herself prevents it. I full out attack. Her foot comes out sending me into the air.

We never really did see how strong women using the pendant would become, now even she looks surprised.

I land about fifteen feet away. Still strong enough to survive falling. I need to prevent her from buffing any of the other vixens, they'll be unstoppable (in bed.) I'll never win.

I have an erection. When's the last time this body got laid?

I look around. The women are fucking stallions instead of the defeated men now. It's already reached that point?

The fight continues. I'm able to pin the slimmer broads, but there are several more who require brute force. I tie up the unharmed women, and the healer carrying her pendant soothes them with it, no doubt they'd be able to get right back up and fight if they deem it necessary. Having beaten them, their pride won't allow that, as things are going.

About eighty vixens have satisfied themselves and come to watch. It's obvious who's winning.

My body is pathetic. I'm equal a pup only in might. My endurance is greater (skeletal muscle). My libido has already faltered, I've gone flaccid. How old am I? What did I do before I became a warrior? I don't know these things.

(Farming dirt. He never trained his muscle. His mule dragged the bales and he avoided labor. It was only now, his age, in this conflict, he would wield a tool that he normally held to cleave dried meat.)

I'm exhausted after the hour. Just one hour. I fall to my knees. I can't catch my breath.

The vixens giggle. A deadly sound. I close my eyes.

One takes my back. I go limp. Something smooth touches my lips, when I breathe out my energy is fully recovered.

The one carrying the pendant gave me that boon again. She asks, "Have you enjoyed our little game?" I can enjoy looking at her again. My erection returns. "There. The women you've beaten. Was this the outcome of the battle you sought? We'll keep you safe. Sleep with us. We'll hide you from the man, the vixen slayer won't find out." [i]Uhh. Excuse me, I'm the vixen slayer.[/i] I nod. The outcome was obvious from the start, I'll be taken as a sex slave like the rest of the men.

"To the victor go the spoils," she finishes. She hands me the pendant and stands in the group watching.

"Fuck the vixen. Fuck the [i]vixen[/i]!"

About twelve injured and bound women. My work. They're naked, everything but their belts and sandals. Sporadic pads on their knees and elbows.

The onlookers move, they bring wooden benches stolen from the defending formation. Saddles. Bondage. Pretty soon they arrange the women I defeated into a buffet.

My body as I watch pours like a fountain, the liquids in me flow coolly up from leg to my head, into my eyes, tears wetting my face, sweat on my neck. Sweat streams down my forehead. It spills out the top of my head. My hair is like a wet mop. I wipe my face. I'm handed a cloth to dry off with. They're being very generous.

The arrangement of the buffet is not one meant for mortal eyes. Even so, they take cloth and apply grease, they dry off the women, they bring buckets of water and fill up a trough in front of them.

Horses come to drink. The women bound  so I may observe their backsides drink from the same trough. They're gradually cleaned up enough their visibility is normal. Here I stand staring at the buffet, the glow, the reflection lessons, I relax my jaw, my penis fully engorges, I want to start having sex now.

Several of the stallions have witnessed. On the Vixen side, their cocks unsheathe. Their handlers pet them gently. It's... more. The women from the rear battalion are being treated. I hear hoof-beats as an army's worth of horses are lead away in the direction I came from.

(The vixens have allowed the men they slept with to return to the village. As losers. They got laid. It's a strange feeling.)

To my surprise, lesser banquets were being displayed.

Or is it dismay at the sight of the beautiful women I trained working together with the rear battalion? To have sex with the physically-endowed brutes of this slovenly group of failures. And yes, some of them were able to sleep with the stallions, but there were makeshift pastures being crafted as well.

"Hey. Stud. Be grateful for what you have here." My pet puts her hand on my face. I see myself in her, she's absolutely certain she'll get what she wants at any moment. Her control of my body. She licks her lips. She runs a finger close to the edge wiping carefully. "Do you want to do it? You'll have sex with us, your cock has already given in." It's dripping precum. "Have sex with your prize, or have sex with me now. Then have sex with them. What will it be?" That's a very calm voice for what might be the sexiest threat known to man.

My cock's already hard. She puts on a show, with her face, her nipples she tweaks them. My precum, I flex my cock, it drips painfully filling me with want. She's closer to me than the rest of the women. My brain shuts off.

I drape my arms around her feeling her strong, her soft, her oily body covers my front. It's like sleepwalking. I try putting it in and the precum fools me. She holds me carefully and helps slip me in. We seal the deal were it, it were our lips. I lean forward to kiss and rest my face on her breast sucking her tits. I'm a little shorter than this below-average vixen pet. I cum slowly and agonizingly moan as the excess in my prostate fertilizes my pet with a worthless seed. A slave's cum to sate her need.

I sniffle. I say, "I'll... have sex, as much as you want from now until I dry out. Do as you like." She pets me gently. Pet, by a pet. I'm like a pet. She's my pet... damn it.

Illmuire gives a little wink.

The women being arranged squeal drawing my attention.

The cornucopia of women have been arranged into a bouquet of the finest of Venus's plumage history might ever know. (Well, that's what he thinks.) The group of women lie very intricately touching.

Although I'm not paying attention to my pet, the romp between us continues. My drooling cum and tingling erection negotiate with her insides.

The drooling girlcum escaping from the cornucopia very will mirrors my own desire.

A mysterious sound reverberates. The mass of fallen women shakes. I've never seen this, no really. They're visibly vibrating. The squeals and screams coming from them, haunting, my groin relaxes. The current of energy breaks through what little tethered it inside me. I feel a cool breeze, a sensation of coolness, a pool of liquid grows below me.

Plumes of spilling water flow out of the women lain in my light for vanity and worship. The ecstasy of my climax reaches their nethers.

The desert blooms with fruit-bearing branches. Shades grow from trees quickly topping the scenery. The landscape goes from baron to scenic within no more than the length of my orgasm. 

I find myself lying on top of a woman in a shallow lake filled with clear water, the grass grows like pillows at the river bed. I have only one question.

"Did you like it??"

(She certainly did. Our little input made them all so happy, if only for a few minutes.)

The Amazons follow men on horses back to town. It's clear the men lost. A few remained behind to see the splendor of our whim.

*****
[hr]

Upon arriving in town, the cavalry finds out there's a truce of some kind. Men are bedding women all around town. They hear the rumors became reality in their absence.

[i]Multiple female partners. Not just warriors. Envoys, courtesans, bards, artisans, thieves, jewel thieves, thrifts in garments, contraband touters, flouters of conquest, flaunters of buxom, daunting dolls, muscular women, extravangance, indulgence, buckets of wine, bouquets of flowers, draperies covers the streets, it's as though the quaint village's borders and sky were draped in golds. Smoke burning in incense and colorful decorations could be seen brightly reflecting the light in the sky.[/i]

They're throwing a goddamn festival fit for the heavens! And fucking the whole time to boot.

Astounding. Confounding. [i]It's not even fair![/i]

Illmuire shrugs.

(Maybe we gave them too much to play with. We enjoy an indulgent moment every so often.)

(Now that they're here, there are always more vixens to spread around.)

Their War Chief decreed they join the Amazons of their own free will. Who'd say no to [i]this?[/i]

(Certainly not the hero here. Why is the hero here?)

The hero. That's me, Nightmare. I'm sequence breaking.

(The hero is starting to cause trouble for an ancient. Were she so inclined to end this now.)

[Nightmare: Start from the lesbians, I'm in that tryst as well. I've been here the whole time.]

(That's not true... umm. We are looking at our tome.)

*****
[hr]

(Reading the tome. [i]Our revised tome[/i]. This isn't what is happening. It has happened, without us remembering it.)

[i]The encampment was prepared to fight.[/i] 

vixen thievery ...
strange ways ...

Horrifying.

disrobe armor ...
conquered flesh to feast on ...

Dreadful.

threesomes ...
catfights ...

Insatiable.

There is a butch vixen...
She has been keeping an eye on a youthful younger warrior...

She remembers... the brave warrior's words.

Yes, she remembers. The young vixen spoke back.

[i]I saw her beautiful blossom with my eye
Dampness softened her petals
A little water encourages growth[/i]

A little poetry
A facade
Uncommon
My mischievous smirk
Truly
Lascivious is my nature

[i]She's already overflowing
can wilt
I've never touched her
there
should
That must
change[/i]

(The hero has appeared. Nightmare.)

(The hero's power. Is it this?)

I'm Nightmare. I've been following two women. It doesn't appear they're together. My hooves are silent, for they are powerful. My eyes don't lose track of them. I even heard the little poem. This muscular woman is going to fuck that little vixen hard. I'm going to be there.

While following, a glint of well-lubricated pink flashes into view of the butch vixen. White light from the sun glinting where the ashen paint has washed off. The pink lips of her prey's underbelly frothing in girlcum. Her mark is flashing her as she trespasses right behind her with a self-impression of mystique.

I trespass her, she has not looked at me, I leave no trace for my black hairs don't even disturb the air. I can hold my breath for as long as I need, only breathing out when she turns a corner.

(The platoon leader is a dangerous... the hero has done something worse.)

The woman's own cunt, in pursuit is burgeoning wet and drooling. The sight of her prey's own spilling. [i]You foolish little slut. I'll water you.[/i]

[i]I'll suck... there,[/i] the vixen thinks.

I have the image of the woman giving cunnilingus. She'd shove her face right in it.

(Eii! The hero can hear you. Look out.)

She comes close, so close, almost right beside her before letting her presence be known. "Youhoo. We're almost alone now, if you scream it'll only make me excited," says the woman who commenced it all. She takes her mark aside roughly in two strong hands eliciting a shriek of surprise. "You were brave. I'll have you as you would a man. You understand." [i]You can't say no, says her eyes, glancing down now. "You have a killer lady-boner. You hot little fuck."[/i]

I'm familiar with the game of skulkery, and this type of exploitation, I'd like to see it.

The prey opens her mouth. Immediately, the butch vixen forces her lips on the woman's mouth she's marked. She shrieks "stop" while it continues.

(He saw her do that.)

The image of cunnilingus is much dirtier. Her face collides and the smaller woman's ass spreads out to her rubbing deep into her.

[i]LET'S DO IT.[/i]

It's a stereotypical butch and little vixen drama. [i]How about a nightmare?[/i]

I stand beside them for a good view. It's like two cats licking each other. The younger turns around and the mouth-to-pussy contact increases.

I'm becoming aroused quickly. I swallow and enjoy the feeling of warmth inside. I can't possibly eat another bite, but I so wish I could.

The smaller woman is only a head shorter but it makes her appear very young compared to the one taking the lead. Her soft long eyelashes flutter and her black tangles of hair ruffle as a hand scoops them up off her back crumpling them to the back of her neck. She tilts her head back. The leader comes face-to-face while kissing her lower-belly-to-her-mouth and her back arches fully embraced.

[i]Bitch,[/i] thinks-says the little vixen, she can't articulate. [i]Fuck![/i] She groans and murmurs disapproval being blindsided. She likes... she hates. She's loyal. [i]I'm here to fuck men, I don't want to fuck a woman. I don't know you. Vixen... definitely.[/i] She clenches her butt finally, having being given a brief moment to anticipate the next move.

Roughly dipped [i]wait no![/i] her hair spills, she loses balance, she's tilted back almost swept off her feet and one foot leaves the ground no longer supporting her weight. She kicks her leg and sprawls trying to catch herself from falling.

[i]Eiiiiii[/i] she both screams vocally, and with her whole body, with her audible-mouth covered it comes out her nose. Her body braces for the expected bone-crushing slam of the strong woman pinning her. This is not a completely new experience by any means.

[i]I'm getting!!![/i] "What?! Aieheehee." [i]Her fingers touched me she's groping my ass. There. There?! Where's she going next?[/i]

She startled braces and pants only to suck in more tongue and feel a hand grope her ass. Both her feet leave the ground removing all sense of control. She gently-enough drops as the woman crouches down. Then her weight is on her. It happened slowly, but the molestation and tongue-kissing is enough she couldn't concentrate, it felt so fast. She flaps her crotch feeling a tingle there.

[i]Nonono. She's too good at this, I can only hope she's a good lover. Good? She's good. I mean, not too rough![/i]

"Uuhhh uwaaaa uuh," she manages and tilts her head back. She was wet from the thought of fucking men as she snuck in to this part of the village. She was hunting for prey, only to become one, like this. This is somehow far sexier.

(Most vixens will approve of the fated encounter in retelling. Uhh. The demon prepared to prey upon their flesh, one of equine and masculine charm, is a new twist.)

They lie down and the one who took the lead strips off both their clothes.

She turns her head to me seeing not what she ought to. [i]A black horse, so what?[/i] she thinks. 

Both their desire is unfurled, dripping, revealed, wet lubricant, fully, clits pushing to reach the surface. Both their crotches have spilled frothing at the surface coating their oils in milk.

[i]So cute, I'll have this ladyboner to myself, I have, I have her,[/i] thinks the brazen butch molesting her prey. She slips a finger across to get a feel for the silky smooth concoction and the head of the woman she'll mount. The butch quirks an inarticulate expression on her face between orgasmic and disgust at the pungency (sweet), the viscous female. It's not like every day. Then she goes up seeing her touch had an impact on her prey as well.

The chest of the small woman can be held in her hands, the oil is dark and thick. The small but plump tits between her fingers, nude, hidden in ash. She wipes the oil. "Sweet," she whispers. The nipples are much easier to see, almost white by comparison, light pink. She grins and holds her head up to resist immediately sucking these tits she's unveiled so easily.

There are small sacks on belts in her way. No doubt they contain ashen black oils and fat or even grease. She removes the belts fully denuding the woman's torso and revealing her hips, belly, and upper crotch. She can shove her hand in there now without resistance. The skin's oiled and with added grease from either of their stash there's low resistance.

She can feel her pussy's own heat and need for this. She grabs the woman's leg pulls it up to her shoulder and jackknifes their cunts together scissoring her. If she had a cock she's be skewering this little slut.

[i]Ok let's get in there.[/i]

I bundle them both in my arms as they're stunned by their own sensational moment together.

"Urggn. Urrr!" both of them groan, the sensation is like... sticking something delicious in your mouth, and not being able to swallow. She'll have to chew them together.

Now they've been grabbed. Although at first only the butch can understand. She breaks contact. I grab her belt and hoist her up letting her drop back down on the soft woman below. Their privates line up nicely. I press my weight down pinning them together.

They both scream a strangled cry as the air squeezes out of them. Crushing weight prevents either from breathing in.

I take it nice and slow. We've got all the time in the world. My cocks find their way. The red one goes to the little vixen beneath. Once it's in I hold the bigger one in two hands and push her forward.

Using her own little trick against her I shove my face into her pussy sucking her whole ass. My tongue's busy, it can't come out right now, too bad. I drag her back between us and ease into her with my big vibrating phallus.

She struggles a little so I shove my fingers in her mouth. That calms her down. I feel for the vixen who's most uncomfortable. Her face is there, she can breathe fine. I continue to prod at her very gently feeling the curves on her chin and shoulder.

They're both a little confused what just happened.

I thrust a little bit my cocks begin to release. They feel it and groan. It's like the best thing they've ever had. I know it. I can hear them.

[i]Yes, yes, with a horse it should be this way[/i] the platoon leader.[i]I want to taste cum when I wake up tomorrow it should feed me for all hours of the day. Where did this magnificent creature come from?[/i]

[i]Yes! Oh! Hurry, faster![/i] the younger tries begging. Her inexperience is showing. She's slept with men sporadically. Vixens don't beg they enjoy, unless I make them beg. [i]Please more. More. Yes.[/i] She's thinking it, I realize. I understand. There are women this desperate sometimes.

I lift enough they can breathe. After panting for a minute I continue pumping in and out.

"Uhh. Uwwwu!" squeals the smaller woman. Climaxing much too soon.

The bigger girl is able to handle my huge vibrator pretty well. I move faster to pleasure both of us.

"Guuuaaaahh!" bellows the small vixen.

There's a bit of a mismatch in experience here. She'll have to bear it.

Smack smack smack. They both eventually get wet enough I can penetrate them smoothly. I hold the bottom one and say. "Horse fucking position." She does it without understanding the horse was talking to her. Like this I can slap my nuts into her penetrating both women deep, very deep.

We do it for a while. It's great.

After a couple of hours they've fallen back to the ground passed out. I slide out and step to the side. They're covered in sperm all over their backs.

I stand up looking above the small barriers. The place is decorated. The place has been completely done up. The little village looks like it's beginning a festival. It could even be called a fair.

"Goddess," I tell her, "you went overboard."

(Princess. He does not blame us. Is he not powerful?)

*****
[hr]

(He was here. It all happened. When we read that in the tome we let it play out again, just to be sure.)

I'm Nightmare. My form is cumbersome so I transform back into a Vixen warrior. I put on a loincloth and apply some oil.

There are two amazing women right here. I push the top aside to check them. Their guts are full of my stuff they're drooling red, the energy flowing through them. They will be perfectly healthy after the magic wears off.

I realize I'm pretty much out of fun options, but to join the women. I crack my knuckles and consider the exploitation of women in the village versus sleeping with nubile wanting female vixens. Sigh. I should try everything at least once.

I find a skulk. I flash a grin and apply dark ashen makeup. This isn't nearly as powerful as my nightmare form but it'll do the trick.

The skulk focus on snatching belts off elderly men. Eventually the festival comes in closer. I'm getting tired of this.

Children and young men rush about imitating the skulks. I'm intrigued, they've rubbed dirt on their faces to imitate. It's a really terrible job, their clothes are still on.

I notice vixens wearing extravagant ornamentation getting harassed and teased by potentially neutered, elderly, young women, and younger boys who haven't even had their balls drop.

The children easily distract them. Pulling at their clothes and jewels with no risk to themselves. Someone snaps off a piece of jewelry and this repeats.

[i]The villagers are trying to steal from vixens as well. How interesting.[/i]

I see in some stables the horses are breeding vixens as if they were mares. All kinds of vixens. This is pretty common.

The jewelry pilfered is making its way to one place. I walk right in scaring quite a few people. They drop whatever they're holding to run. Inside the wooden place there's a woman trying to re-weave the gold and silver into a gown, with a very short hem.

I stand looking at her. This is my wife? My advisor? The War Chief's advisor. I didn't recognize the place. I guess I never had to visit her in her home before.

"Stealing from vixens is like..."

She makes a startled shriek. I laugh loud enough she shrieks again. Nobody is going to come to this place seeing me at the front door. I put the makeshift door there to indicate privacy. Now we'll be alone for a while.

"He's not coming back," I tell her. "He's sleeping with thousands of women far more beautiful. When you see him again you'll be pregnant. Do you know why? No, not because you slept with him."

Stealing from vixens is like... Umm. I should know this one. Ok.

"Stealing from vixens is like stealing heat by cooking."

I grab the woman. She's paltry and tanned unevenly but I've never slept with a woman who wasn't a vixen so she'll have to do. I rub her nethers bringing her up to the necessary arousal. She's whining and begging me to leave her alone.

"Don't you want to know why?"

She's not amused by my anecdotal foreplay. Whatever.

"The fox will take your meat if you leave it alone on the skillet."

Her body's completely frail. She's a weak woman compared to the weakest childish vixen of all the tribe. If Amazons raised a woman this weak they'd undoubtedly be put to shame were she ever seen abroad. The mere sight of her... is arousing.

She can't resist even my most gentle advances. Weak woman.

I have to work extra diligently to make her aroused. I'm not used to that. The vixens are not known to be stingy on the seed oil. I don't need to ask her, I know she just fucked me less than a day ago (as that average man).

I think she's ready but to cover up her smell and clean her better than this pathetic village could manage, I rub more oil in and grease between her ass cheeks rubbing it into her anus slightly. It turned into a massage. Her body's very small even while I'm a human. She gave into it, enjoying it. She only fretted when I started putting grease against her anus, I rub it in deeper despite her conflicted cries. When it was finally soft enough I douched her with oil in both places.

Now she's hot. She's face down.

I get on her back. She's no longer protesting my touches. She's like the smallest woman I've ever slept with. Screwing those vixens as a stallion is comparable. My cock goes in. It's a normal cock, she immediately betrays the War Chief crying in pleasure. "Please please yes more yes like that oh yeah come inside me now do it just how are you so good." I touch her the way she likes. Maybe she's no the only one to blame. We do it very gently for some time.

She's calmed down and wetting herself so I speed up. My nuts slap her labia and clit she's still enjoying it but her passions burned out after such a short intercourse. Disappointing.

Some jolts of power will awaken her to new heights of pleasure. Energy. Red and blue.

She goes off like an orgasmic powder keg unable to control herself. She moves quickly. It's pretty good, I gradually come closer to climax, and cum inside. She notices. I'm groaning and filling her womb. She shakes, this is insolence. She'd shake me off if she were a little bigger. I press down on her shoulder and finish. I let her go.

I'm not sure if I should do more immediately. Magic isn't a complete unknown in this culture. I sit still forcing her to remain here for a half hour, then I come back.

I administer foreplay paying close attention to her anus. That's where I'm going next.

She figures it out and whines again. I watch her face for a while. It's too bad I didn't grab the vixen's toys I could loosen her up faster. I have to use my fingers, one finger, it's a big deal. Two fingers, this is as difficult for me as it is for her. Her anus squeezes them so tight. I grind my thumb in always reapplying more oil.

I douche her once more. Then I get on. She's still sexy. Now I'll completely master her.

"You can keep all the jewels," I say. "This is what we're here for."

I put it in carefully. Once it's deep enough her body twitches uncontrollably. I'm not sure how many times I've seen it. The vixens get used to all kinds of sex quickly. The woman's anus is too sensitive her reflexes have taken over. She is not receptive. A poorly trained, lack of receptivity, her body is rejecting my advance. As a regular woman, I didn't know what to expect really. If she were a vixen she'd be a failure.

I move slowly until I climax. She fights the whole time. The cum stings her burning her far worse than the lubricated penetration. She screams and tucks her knees trying to escape. I bundle her up as I completely finish. Small, frail, and untrained. Impossible traits for a warrior where I grew up. This makes her something special then, right?

(The hero returns to his Vixen town, losing interest in the sacked village soon enough. He also misses his six-hundred strong harem of nymphomaniacs. He continued to gather more. He had more notoriety. Until he was too old, he donned cloth, he lost interest in all but magic.)

*****
[hr] Unchanged

(What of the village in the days to come? The weeks?)

The vixens lubed and oiled in gleaming naked armor take all kinds of men for sex. You can hear the younger men plea loving confessions as they're mated.

"Young damsel I've never seen such a beautiful specimen. I must have one like you as my bed mate."

Followed by their... confessions of another kind.

"Uhhh! I am a virgin no more."

Followed by...

"Aaaah. AAaah! I'm. Uurrrg!"

And...

"No! No stop. Stop! Oh beautiful. Oh my beloved. I can't take it. Ugh uhh.. Nnnnhhuuuuooo?"

And they don't stop.

The Elders, too. Through more coercive means.

A vixen has her mark, she's lavished her skin with smooth creamy dark oils, "You have no choice. You will have sex with me. Enjoy every moment to your dying breath." For there is no question she will kill this old fool.

"I can't. A whore like you. H..." harlot, at the tip of his tongue. He considered his chances of surviving in a fight. It was not a question. "I'd never. It's unforgivable."

The woman reveals her humps. With her naked bosom up against him, her womanhood a hair-breadth away, she says, "Older men like you. Don't you like to squeeze fat titties? I also have this craving for a cock within my big fat ass (a gift)." His hand feels it. She presses closely and her buttcrack embraces his other hand she places between. He'd cry if he could. She'll make advances on him even if he resists to his dying breath.

After having sex, the man wishes for penance. He takes up a branding iron. He declares, "Harlot. Never forget your place!" He burns her backside and drops it. "What is this?" Her pussy melts at the pain. "Why are you... Her body. Her body is absolutely too much. I can't resist." His erection needs a release again.

She's moaning. She winces in pain but she's advancing on him for he has stoked the ashes back into a raging inferno of desire. "What are you waiting for?" she asks. "Don't make me wait. Stick it in again. Brand me as much as you like. I'll be yours to the end." He considers his chances of surviving her as a mate. Even if he ran, there was a swarm cleaving the men down outside like praying mantises and spiders.

"Ye fuck like death, and smell like roses," he gainly offers.

His end came swift, and he was with her for a while after.

The men exhausted themselves screwing the women repeatedly. Many die in the heat of passion.

*****
[hr]

(What of the village in the months to come? The years? What legacy remains?)

I'm the War Chief. The survivors come to me asking to return to the village. They tell me the same story.

They're separated in huts to keep the women and men apart. They take an oil ('pen') and wipe it to quickly mark outliers.

It's no wonder. The women of my village were like little wooden sticks. Their desires are too simple. Their needs are too great. Compared to the vixen clay I could mold about as I willed it, they're an outlandish unimportant dung heap begging for reentry.

As for the matter, I took part in marking some of them. I counseled men who wouldn't partake of the vixens.

"Are you gay? I'm sure we can find you a pup faggot to have sex with you stupid fucking asshole. Why don't you want to have sex with a vixen? You must be gay."

"My wife. You know me."

"I don't know any faggot."

(The concept of homosexuality wasn't really so negative, the hero's kind of a prick.)

I'd signal him to be marked as an immediate drain on society, to be fed as rations. This was the way of the Vixens. Such an abomination wouldn't willingly sate the needs of our women, so we had him caged.

Even young vixens, untrained, were able to fuck the married prudes in cages as much as they liked.

As a man raised among them since then [i]I hear they don't even keep animals in cages.[/i] Imagine someone being prudish enough to stave away such delectable treasures. It is second to the worst of fates... From what I've experienced, I think [i]the men in cages have gone insane, were insane long before they were sent there[/i]. The vixens are worth every drop of cum.

Matrimony is unnatural among beast worshipers, although not at all a crime. The Vixens the 'foxes' of the desert have to thrive. It is poor conduct not to give your time to them, they do it to themselves. Embellished snobbery may get you locked in a stockade even if you were a full blooded fox. Can you imagine a fox not wanting to frolic and fuck a vixen in heat? It would be an embarrassment to her and a blight on his house.

A little teasing and hips waggling. They could get a rise from these men after only a few days. They would forget their wives and misleading vows. 

"So you weren't gay. That's good. If you'll agree to wear a leash you can be allowed outside your cage. And in case this isn't inviting enough, the women like it rough, and they do enjoy a nice anal creampie. I can introduce you to the most beautiful."

(The vixens must sleep with men once they've had a first. It's a gift, it's their legacy. Ahem.)

*****
[hr]

I see one of my super dolls. I raised so many as a Vixen, that was another life. Even having slept with so many, I can't help desire her.

"Hey dame," I tell her. "I know you sometimes go a day or two without spanking it. It's been a while. Hasn't it?"

"Do I know you? Outsider, you should be so lucky."

"We'll both be lucky."

(The hero, an outsider now, knows about vixens he raised in another life, but they know nothing of him.)

I transform into a blue giant.

This scares her significantly. I shock her with power. I touch her sending life-force into her. She's already climaxing as my lips descend to her neck. My fairly average cock between her legs I enjoy her as a man would. I lift her.

Cradling her inside me. My special senses feel her body and soul. She has so many orgasms.

Two cocks inside meet her. Her body fights. It gives in. She has so many orgasms.

I hold a hand to her face so she won't scream so much. We're in broad daylight in public.

My insides find their way through her pulsating and relaxing. Finding her exit at her mouth. Finding her womb. They dilate. My body sends the fluids in. They inflate from the pressure, inflating her belly, filling her stomach with substance. They retract spreading the seed inside her. Now, she climaxes in earnest, the liquid matter feeding her utmost desire. She gladly accepts.

My cavernous chest and belly hold her, covering her in salivation. My phallic inserts fill her innards and her throat. She's encased in a solid mass of excretions.

I release her face and let her hang out of me. I grope her tits. I pull her out. I turn her around and finish with a kiss. My tongue very average.

Connecting with such a lovely woman. So full of energy, glowing blue, dripping in my cum. I slip her down onto my normal cock letting all the stuff on her drip to the ground.

She had so many orgasms.

(Fuck Fuck Fuck! Nightmare. Who will protect them from you?)

*****
[hr]

The captured village's food and treasure was bolstered. A festival spontaneously began filling coffers with pilfered jewelry. The vixens gave back an abundance of grains, enough to feed the village for six years.

(It's been a month since then. He sees it with his own eyes.)

I return to my village with many envoys. The best I've bred over a long time. After being entrenched in intercourse, spreading my seed through the ranks. No need to eat or sleep. I can tell, these are the absolute pick of the litter. Only one unrivaled angel from a distant land, the Valkyrie, even an exception among Valkyries to her own admission could best me in any way.

[i]I should go there. Find more, like her. There are always more vixens, no matter how many small armies I sleep with. What I want are the best.[/i]

I've returned to my village.

The villagers were Amazonian, my villagers. The men were ruined. The physical form of the remaining girls is ok. They admire the entourage with me and drop to their knees. When they see the envoys I've chosen they shriek in delight. I exude an aura, the women who aren't used to it feel intense need, for me. I part my lips and the sound of my breathe gives them shivers.

Before I left, there were fatties. There were skinny as bones layabouts. They are all going to be fit and ready to wed once they've matured. Such divinity from so little. It's like the Vixens are gods, perhaps [i]Every last one of the women with me, bound in quasi-eternal bliss. It's like holding hands behind our backs. We fuck as we walk. Edging closer to climax, right now, right this second[/i] we are.

I watch as a goat fucks one from my village. The group with me finds it cute. She has been fucking that goat for his whole upbringing she declares. We can openly worship beasts now, how amazing is that?

The one-man village. For about a week.

I'm left with nothing but grown women and young girls soon to mature and be wed in the one-man village. What a great deal! I am capable of becoming husband with every last woman who accepts it. I could call them vixen, every last vixen...

I seat myself in the chief's tent and release my spirit out. I can feel them all. I do feel like a god. 

(A week passes.)

I'm done here. Having sex with ever last woman, I never stepped foot out of this tent. I'm completely finished.

I nod to my envoys and we head north. "To fuck Valkyries," one of the beautiful ones of the most beautiful vixens asks, for clarification.

"I have a feeling," I say. "There will be more than that."

I change into a normal looking human. From time to time I'll need to sleep with the vixens. I on the other hand am not blessed. I still don't fully understand this, I simply know it is true.

I warn, "If we stay any longer, I'll tear this entire place apart. We should leave now." I consider the truth. "You should leave me as well. I have a desire... an urge. It's only grown stronger. How much have I hurt all of you?"

They deny it. They flippantly and exasperatingly deny it. But as I look upon each one of them, I see their dead faces, I see their ecstasy, I see their dismembered corpse, I see their fertility, their pregnancy, their children. My children. Their death. There's pain, torment, not mine, I am reveling in it. So, I consider warning them again.

"If we leave, together, we'll no longer be... Vixens. We'll be something."

"We'll be gods," they finish. They nod their heads and clap their hands. They all agree with me uprooting them. Not fully satisfied they understood.

(The final outcome. History rewritten.)

(The hero forges alliance. We see him reach heights of fame in this long forgotten past.)

(He does not master his nature. Without his spirit, his body is mortal. We steal his spirit at a pivotal moment. Then he dies.)

(The hero is dragged back to the desert. Back to the commander. Back through time. Dread, and our princess... you look shaken. Forget what you saw.

(We've already seen what he's capable of by the end of this story. In order to reach that power, he must accomplish something here. He must devour the embodiment of power, [i]now[/i]. Isn't that true?)

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C1, Scene 5: Wanderlust[/size][/u]

We return to the commander where we left her.

(The commander hears Us calling her in a singsong tone. A facsimile of our voice from beyond this realm.)

Her nipples stiffen, a chill runs up her spine, (she has an orgasm) she moans, her pussy runs over, she drools. "Was that really necessary?" she says to (us) the air, no response. We play with her hair and tickle her seeing how well she pretends not to notice.

She calls on her beautiful subordinates because three heads are better than one. (The gauntlet awaits her.)

We focus on tickling her anus. She'll definitely beg for penetration from the stallion. Her ass is wet from our treatment of her.

The hero stands there. He's been gone for a while. His memories recall. His composure suddenly snaps. He look at Dread.

*****
[hr]

I was a War Chief. That was real. This is the woman, the vixen I've been dreaming of. Here she is. That look in her eyes is one of pride, in me.

[i]She's innocent.[/i]

The voices of men and women hang on the breeze, [i]"Come to us."[/i]

(We're good at ventriloquy.)

I'm unmoved. This is a charade.

The commander unfastens her plate skirt's back panel revealing a bubble butt. I'm ever impressed by her. She loosens her top so her breasts jiggle freely under the metal. I come closer.

"I can help," I offer.

I take her garments, placing them in the dirt.

Her comrades are also working their way to the same conclusion.

They stand wearing loose fabrics. Having undressed. They were merely reflections of the commander's beauty. Their bodies aren't too far from perfection at any rate, but commander funbags over here has more booty.

They're not bad looking. For vixens, they're average. Tanned, fit. I help undress them in the same fashion as Dread.

[i]Sexy. They left nothing to the imagination.[/i]

"Do any of you require intercourse?" I offer. My senses may have dulled in this new body. On the other hand, I'm still quite aroused, when was I last here? My heart thuds, my cock fully erects. I'm [i]really[/i] horny.

Dread has taken an interest and offers me a handjob holding her hand out pointing at my boner. She puts her hand right on it and locks her eyes to mine. The world's dirtiest handshake? She strokes it slowly.

The circulation to my head drains out as I'm mesmerized by her. She keeps watching my eyes.

This. This is a chance, "Dread," I whisper. "Where are we?" She freezes, playing with the tip of my penis in her fingers. She looks [i]very[/i] turned on, too. She opens her mouth and lets out a sigh, stammering slightly, like she's mid-orgasm.

"I aha hah..."

Ahhhh. What?

"Dread. Why are we in the desert?" I ask. It's pretty hot in the desert sun. She's been jerking me off for a few minutes. There's no way I made her cum. "Why are you breathing so hard?" I touch her, she winces oversensitive. Fun. What is it I used to say?

I laugh. [i]Oh that's right. My sense of humor is terrible.[/i]

"I'll have sex with your mother, or you." Wait for her to respond. "I don't see your mother here, so I bet you're feeling lucky." I finish with a little chuckle.

She's still jerking me off. It feels great. Our oily skin is a little differnet from what I've gotten use d to.

"If I impregnate you and your mother, I think that makes your daughters twins."

She was turned on. Now she's looking away. Ok. This is only amusing to me. Whatever.

"Finish me off. I'll tell you what I told the women of Egypt." Suddenly she darts her eyes back at me and shakes her head. "If you can find a man that grow reeds of grain, you should offer everything. If you can find a man that grows reeds of rain in an instant, you can't offer him anything he can't already take."

"Shut up that's..." Dread starts complaining. "You've never been to Egypt."

"Yes I have."

She rolls her eyes. "Vixens never went to Egypt. If you have, how many heir did you sire for the tribe?"

"None."

"Exactly."

"No. No I meant that we were no longer Vixen. The harem birthed zygote of another breed of life."

I feel my burning need to [i]deflower[/i] this virgin. I'm so close.

She sighs another orgasm and turns. "He's about to cum, take his seed immediately," she announces. Offering me, she still pants and sighs. She plays with herself watching me.

I flex my cock. The two subordinates coyly hold themselves with a smile, they turn slightly sideways to hide their penetration points. They're all into me. 'Compatible.'

One of the vixens gets down. I can see exactly where I want to. She leans forward onto her hands in a downward-dog. I can see even more, I can see up past her belly-button to her hanging tits.

I don't have the courage to make another joke. I cum inward, then press my dick in as quick as I can, shloop. She moans high and quick my dick slipping through down to her womb. The shock stops me from climaxing fully. I thrust quickly slapping her hips. Her ass pointed at me, her legs strain to balance. I feel the vesicals of cum and the veins in my legs giving up all they can minutes, almost fifteen minutes I'm agonizingly close to cumming in her, in this body. 

"Hot. Hot. Hooot," she wails.

My nutsack contracts, I then understand I've cum in her. My scrotum shrinks pressing my testicles up, I loosen every last bit down there and it contracts on its own periodically cutting the flow, the expunging quantity squirts hard every few seconds. It feels cool and relaxing.

She shakes and moans, 'Oh' and 'Ah.' I quicken the pace slapping into her. She starts climaxing in earnest screaming. I slap her ass. Splat, the cum overflows. Spank. Spank. I squeeze her ass. Almost done. I finger her anus and rub my thumb in, it slips in easily, then with a twist. She wails and bleats a satisfactory amount. Her stomach contracts repeatedly giving all its got to complete her climax and she gives up, unable to continue. Her arms go limp, her head, I catch her waist and drag her back continuing to screw her.

Her body sways as my stiff cock slaps in and out. It fully erects again. I slip it out and let her rest.

[i]See this. It's ready.[/i] "Who'd like to take the next load of cum. Dread, don't you wish you were her?"

The commander and her remaining subordinate look to each other.

"We can travel," she says. "Were you to climax again, would the walk not be difficult?"

I think I know my own strength. I try to summon it, failing. I sigh. "Agreed."

We continue.

*****
[hr]

I've pinned the soldier shoving her face into the sand. I'm so horny. I want to fuck her ass. She wiggles her butt and rubs her ass into me grinding out an assjob.

I punch her in the shoulder making her cry out. I grab both her arms continuing to thrust between her butt cheeks. It feels good, but that's not enough stimulation.

I stand on her feeling her try to get up. I jump up and down knocking the wind out of her repeatedly. She rolls to the side. I walk over kicking her.

She's about done. I kneel and punch her throat, one, twice. She rolls over.

I get back on her sliding my cock closer to her ass. I plant my hands on her back.

In I go. I slap into her ass repeatedly and cum. It takes a while to finish. She whines. Her lips are bruised. There's a bruise on her neck. I tie her hands and legs. I put a net over her and drag her.

After walking for a few hours, I have sex with her again. Tied up in the net I made it was like screwing a masturbatory aid. A life-sized doll.

This repeats until.

Dread.

What is that nasty smirk?

I tell her, "I was having a nice fantasy about raping your comrade." The one I spoke of perked up. (Rape means sex to them.) She smiles and gives a consenting flip of her woven skirt.

Dread shrugs.

"In the desert we make due with what we have to stay refreshed," the commander explains. "I need a drink." She wipes some of the thick cream out from between the mated vixens cunny. "Heavy. Strong flavor. I'll have some."

I've been erect for a while so the stimulation doesn't bring me to climax so fast. She begins sucking at my cock. I fill her mouth and she swallows. She sucks, unable to find release.

[i]Oh... ohh... my legs feel stiff. I can't think of anything.[/i]

Another girl goes. The one I just titillated. She kisses the side of my cock. Their pretty faces so close together. The glans embolden in size and pleasure.

Then the last.

[i]It's very close to some of my best moments lording over half a million just like these women.[/i]

(We tip the scales in favor of him.)

I hear them moaning. They moan louder. I look. They have their mouths open like baby chicks. Their tongues are touching the underside of my penis. They're waiting for the cum.

It isn't that time yet but I like how they look. I flex my groin. The tip of my cock rubs into Dread's upper lip. Precum beads. She sees it and closes her eyes leaning at a sharper angle she opens her mouth wide. I could slip forward right now and bottom out down her throat.

"Unngh," I moan.

More cum spills. The two on the side catch it kissing my cock. I'm actually getting close now. Dread almost sucks the head of my penis trying to drink the cum beading at the tip. Her tongue stimulates the glans. It's incredibly satisfying drizzling this white stuff into her slowly while she licks the glans.

She ups the intensity swirling her tongue around the bottom and gliding the tip of her tongue across. The arousal and near-orgasmic twitch from my penis alone. I'm losing my mind.

While getting sucked off I'm listening to the most sensual noises. The three of them slurping up my seed. Then...

(We intone the pleasure to come and send it in the breeze.)

There's the sound of temptations, there are promises of strength and everlasting beauty.

[i]That's not good enough.[/i]

Flesh, not of this world. A goddess among goddesses. She tempts me. [i]"Can you make it to me?"[/i] Who is she?

I think I fell asleep. I return to my body to receive oral from a goddess, a vixen, a commander soon to surpass mankind and all Amazon tribes, except here. Right now. She is at my belt defying fate.

She opens her eyes, a look there, not of love but of desire. For what I have. She slurps and moans. I can't help it.

[i]Oh...[/i]

They work together. Lips and hands. The two subordinates kiss and lick my nuts.

The commander's tongue is sticking out to catch the globs beading at the tip of my cock.

I steps forward, startled by a tickle when one of them gently pats me on the side.

My cock with a fat pearl of cum formed already connects with the tongue and slips. My cock twitches again hitting her upper lip squirting a premature ejaculation onto her face. It's covering her eyes and nose. She raises her hands to grasp me with the tips of her fingers and keep my cock steady. It is so intense. The tingle of her touch goes up my front to my chest.

She plants a big kiss on it and sighs, motioning her comrades to help. They release me balls from their makeup-smearing liplock. They return to share the tip of my penis. Their lips touch across the bridge of soft foreskin. Their faces are getting quite messy as the paint on their lips smears across them and around my penis.

My cum pours out. Dread's mouth goes wide she almost puts it in her mouth. She fights the temptation. She tilts her head back. She bathes her tongue in my ejaculating stream. The other two see this and come lick at her trying to catch the white mana on their tongues.

[i]Don't waste a drop of that,[/i] I sense, their thoughts. My power, or my imagination?

Their mouths press in to drink. Suck. They engulf the sensitive spot on me with grabbing wet faces and firm lips. They share, although hardly intentional. (We're going to increase his pleasure, another boon granted.) Oh! Oh I'm cumming! "I'm cumming!" They smirk and moan "mmhmm" sperm pours out shocking them. They squeal "mmmmmmm!" A new steady stream lights up their senses filling Dread's mouth completely she has to swallow. My cum covers her face before the other two take over. The feeling of this gives the women drinking me a shiver of excitement.

I pull back knowing exactly what will happen.

Escaping their suction, my sperm covers the sides of their faces. They let it happen and kiss. Dread has opened her eyes to stare at my ejaculating cock. It goes on for several more seconds, making them even more excited every moment.

"I want him to mount me," one confesses. The vixens have a slight problem. They are undoubtedly gluttons of a new breed.

I take Dread's wrists, pulling her arms up. The two back away. I move forwards giving her the tip of my cock. She plants a kiss forcing down a smile and tilts her head forwards. She thinks, [i]I'm going to... I'm going to do it![/i] and she opens her mouth. My cock slips in her lips, then she slips it out, easily. It's very attractive, not only is she, her passionate affection.

No matter. [i]It ends here.[/i]

I slide deeper until I hear her gag, catching me. [i]Is she a virgin in her throat too?[/i] She relaxes and my nuts touch her lips. Her throat re-catches at the entrance to her esophagus. [i]There, she's a deepthroat slut. She remembers.[/i] I slip back and forth at the entrance to her esophagus squeezing my glans.

I climax. Holding her wrists like this. She's letting me.

[i]Just how desperate are you, letting me do whatever I want to you?[/i] She likes it, I think, she really likes it. Oral slut.

(We stop teasing her. She's enjoying this and climaxing thanks to us. Dread can stop now.)

She gurgles and titters. I feel my cum escape like a gushing geyser of heat. She breathes out her nose, hotter than desert air. She contracts, pressing her lips, swallowing, her tongue works licking my nuts.

I play with her face. I touch it all over. My hands get in her hair.

(His cum can be imbued with ephemeral power. Is she going to wait for us to use [i]that[/i]?)

She takes it out with her tongue remaining stuck out. She has the most devious look. Like, [i]cum even more, how bad do I have to cum for her? Her friends want to keep going. We can keep going as long as this climax, then it'll end.[/i] She hasn't bathed in so much cum for so long, they'd enjoy as it as much as they can, [i]if I'd cum even longer she'd lie down and let me shower her body in refreshments.[/i]

(Get the fuck up and get to work you vixen slut.)

*****
[hr]

I ogle the three fantastic white-pasted dripping goddesses glimmering on the sand as we trot together. Now that their faces are smeared with cum I can see them quite well.

(He's a Vixen warrior. His body's deeply tanned, covered in oil, with streaks of warpaint. )

A few stone pillars are standing tall in a circle. In the middle of what's apparently nowhere, in an arid place I know nothing about. I can only assume it's a desert.

[i]If this is the place. If I knew where this was. The whole time, I.[/i]

The commander giggles and walks up to the center along with our group.

(The Desert Amazons have a shared theology of men and beast becoming gods. There might be something to it. They just sucked off one such man.)

In a shadow cast by all the pillars we're teleported inside a temple by a beam of light.

(We have the tome... and now, a second tome appears in the mortal realm. One of ours. One of exceptional taste, one of the most beautiful.)

The commander's holding a (Nintendo Switch) tablet, a relic. It was manifested from thin air. "Laying it on thick," she murmurs.

"Hohoho. Ahhh!" says the voice of the handheld device. "Great champion." It sounds like... 

[i]a woman.[/i]

"What is this?" she asks nobody in particular. She puts it away, giving up after we stand idly for several minutes giving no answer.

As we trek onward. One subordinate offers insight.

"The shape of it. If I may conjecture. It could be a shell that's fallen from a crustacean."

(She knows what it is.)

(Go ahead then. Tell them.)

She explains, "More can be said by saying less about it."

She does an 'eyes forward' gesture, to get the point across and the rest stare blankly. This would have to mean something important will happen soon. I can't wait to find out.

(Alright ladies. Here's your first treat.)

Along a corridor, a man muscular and well-groomed, dressed like a gladiator with red and golden sashes stands. He stares with gleaming eyes. His hair shines like spikes of steel and he has a golden eyeliner.

He looks bigger than me. His biceps and hips, almost feminine. So much work put into his face paint. This is not uncommon, but out here in the middle of nowhere, it's as though he were a statue painted to resemble a man.

(The hero's in a male Vixen's body, slightly narrower with broadened shoulders. That's the difference.)

"Oh Fuck. No. What?" says one of the foot soldiers. "That? That man there. He's too..."

The commander shakes her head. She tells the one who spoke, "Take him."

He is an easy target for them three on one, I think. Hang on, they're having sex with that man. Which vixen? I look to the one moving closer, it's difficult to tell.

She sighs. Her discontent quickly changes to painfully horny. Her sighs become cries of passion. She hops slightly jiggling her butt enough it gets to me.

She puts her arms on him, she's leaning in with her arms wrapped around like a frail woman hugging her lover. 

[i]Mine mine mine mine mine![/i] Why am I standing here watching this. All the women are mine! MINE! [i]MIIINE.[/i]

Easily straddling him, his erection, his abdomen touching hers, she's brushing his stiff member against her greedy entrances.

I step forward. I stop to her ecstatic cries, orgasmic. [i]This is not a normal man.[/i]

She can barely speak up. "Yeah!" her body thrown outwards from the hips as she makes as if to ride him horizontal to his vertical "Yeah!!!" she says on the verge of climax and slaps her hips back into him, without penetrating.

[i]There's something too erotic about her climax.[/i] I can't tell what he's doing. He's... standing still doing nothing! Fucking her! With his eyes!

She tells him, "You can do whatever you want. Oh! Baby! Oh! Yes"

"Yes-!" another rasping quail of her throat and she fully orgasms spraying her girlcum.

[i]That's never happened...[/i] But hold on... [i]That has happened when I transform. His power is similar to mine.[/i]

Somehow the vixen lost all control and fell, pass-out orgasm, satisfied just by straddling his buffed up muscle. Not drinking his cum, not having sex with him to tame her wild pussy. This is absurd.

I kinda wish I was him but I saw her ass each time she threw it back and the final blast sprayed her Jill like dropping a frozen rock into a boiling hot bath. Very much worth seeing.

She goes limp so I come closer to catch her. I manage to slightly. He grabs her arms before she falls backwards. We both stand there holding the fainted damsel. The other two step forward to catch her on time but I'm closer.

This man.

He smirks and

"Let go," I tell him.

He does not.

"Over here," he says while he pulls at her. I can't help it. I'm ready to strike him. He lays her against the wall, she turns casually sticking her ass out. [i]Classy[/i]. Then he beckons the other two to come get it.

He grazes the neck of the next foot soldier by hand with a very delicate look of encouragement forming along his handsome face. He moves his lips like he'd say something, but not a word. A feather touch, a tease from his eyes glancing across her, for her to watch. No doubt she thinks he meant to tickle her and give her a kiss, the place he looked. He liked it. She can't help smirk and feel good.

He didn't do anything, not really. To finish either action he'd have to break her personal space thoroughly and he wouldn't. He's too gentle. She'll give him what he wants. She squeals while reaching for his face to hug him! She's shoving her personal space right in his face. And then moaning reaching climax gradually in waves her body rocks.

(Did you like that? Nightmare, do you like to watch?)

The leader has had enough. She says, "The man can barely show force. We should..."

The second woman, the foot soldier is down on her knees kissing his cock. She squirts her final orgasm while getting her fill with her mouth. She tumbles into me. I hold her helping her against the wall, she thanks me and puts her head to her knees.

[i]Who the heck is this?[/i]

I'm hearing someone urging my mind, [i]"Now. Are you going to watch that beloved woman... suck his cock?"[/i]

He hasn't really moved.

"You know," I suggest. "We could ignore him and walk past."

Dread's staring at his privates, "I'll have him."

"I really think we could avoid doing anything with him."

Hang on. I can hear him thinking.

He's thinking, [i]I've been sent here by Illmuire to prevent the incursion on our holy temple.[/i]

[i]The first two women have succumb to the protection granted by the goddess herself. Their twisted faces as they climaxed almost gave me a good laugh. I grin at the last one.[/i]

I look at his bright teeth. I bring my fist to it quickly shattering his jaw. He looks strong.

I scream at him and [b]transform[/b], "Die you fucking piece of garbage!" I flatten his head gore splatters across the floor. His body writhes for several seconds twitching until his spirit leaves it. "Fucking scum! Don't look down on my women. Don't you goddamn fucking bastards try it!"

He's very dead.

Dread pats my flank, because I turned into a horse-like Nightmare. She doesn't appear concerned about that.

I explain anyways, "He was thinking of you as... a laugh. A stupid silly joke."

"So you ended his life," she finished.

She gets down.

The commander's sucking dick. I didn't notice it but my cocks grew as two. She got to work trying to control them, as it were, they're an extension of my... my...

"Oh... Dread. Oh."

I can really dig this woman.

She stops and wipes her mouth.

"Is that... over?" I question.

I'm staring at the two leaning on their elbows. Horse-fucking position.

(We imbue the hero with the fallen champion's power. Huh?)

[i]She has the tightest anus,[/i] I think.

Then I change.

(The black Nightmare grows a bluish tint. The red energy turns into an aura. The power of Us and Zeth, they've combined. How beautiful. We did that?)

My cock is thrumming and I rub it against one of the women who've already climaxed. Oh wow I can feel the cum beading at the tip of my cock already. I'm going to slip in. She's already moaning loudly, climaxing, I'm going to have to penetrate her while she's flexing uncontrollably.

With vigorous enthusiasm she begs for it. Her gasps and rasping orgasms. I grab her with my hands to steady her, but her ass wiggle is about as controllable as beach waves. I get one in.

I slip in her anus with big blue. She orgasmically screams and presses her chest down sticking her ass upwards so I can thrust downwards into her. Her canal squeezes me and she thrusts herself around. I stand up slightly to get the red in, finish like this. He's pretty good at finding her cunt. In we go. There's a wet squelch, I'm filling her two important holes. Nasty sounds come from her belly. I think I've climaxed. She covers her mouth with her hands. She shakes her head. She climaxes losing control of her arms. A few seconds after she screams my cum pours out her mouth. Her womb is too full, she's spilling excess.

I can slide out enjoying the view. Very gently... She pumps semen from two holes for my viewing pleasure.

[i]Oh wow. There are two others like her. Oh wow.[/i]

I set my eyes on Dread but she's pointing at her subordinate. The next girl's eager to please. She stands up and puts her hands to the wall. I stand behind her, twice her height. I hold her hips. I have to lean forward slightly. The tips of my cocks touch, they slip in. She moans, like the previous she's already climaxing. Up against the wall her hands spread out gracefully. I watch her tits jiggle from behind.

Dread's nodding and smiling, "Fuck her. Fuck her. I want to see. Give her all you've got."

We screw. I screw her friends.

In. Out. Gush. Hissss. Vrrrrroooom! 'Uhuhuhuhuh' she tries to breath and climax repeatedly. It comes out like a crying laugh. Her pussy splatters and she shoots her girlcum out. I lift her in the air, something, a third arm perhaps grabs her, and I can easily screw her standing. She leans forwards at an angle as I continue screwing her vigorously fucking the vixen into a sweet melody. I fill her up. Like the previous, both pistons pour out, taking her breath away. Her belly inflates.

I'm being tugged at. [i]I'm not done. I...[/i] The commander bends forward offering her own ass. I... I can't... I can't resist! I plunge my face down around sticking my tongue in.

Still lodged into one vixen and tongue-fucking Dread's ass. Like horses. They're mares.

My mares! She feels my love in her already as I run my tongue around inside her anus. We can mate. My cocks. (Our gift.) I can feel her. I can feel exactly what I'm doing to the women. Body and soul. That's right.

I let go of the one I'm currently screwing to slip her off my two pricks.

I let Dread free of my loving kiss. She moans while her butt recovers. I could admire her like this for a while. I have a pretty nasty idea though.

I retake the vixen I just let go and, it's there. I hold her tightly. My insides find their way into her. Spirit, specters, it's a different kind of sex, one I've gotten accustomed to.

My midsection has turned into a cavern. It gapes. I suck the mare in ass-first mating her. Dread might have seen.

I take the second mare and slip her back around my two-prongs. I can feel them. They want it. My specters easily hold both mares to my chest. It's not so heavy.

I return to Dread. I can run my long tongue around her lower back and lick at her asshole. I'll play with her clit instead. I go lower and she pulls away. "What is wrong? Is it because you're a virgin?"

She squawks. She's never made that noise before.

She turns and hugs my muzzle smiling embarrassed. My face is perched between her breasts. She turns and stretches her butt.

(They haven't really gotten very far into the temple. Is this what we want?)

I slip out my red cock. It purrs.

I'm going to... I'm going to mount my mare!! I step in and slip my cock down the channel of her ass cheeks. It didn't go in. I can't get it in. Come on come on. She's so tight. [i]It's coming...[/i] my cock starts dripping out.

It's good though. I feel her moving under me. She moans gently. I sense she's just as receptive, just as easily brought to climax as the other two. She'll cum. She's thinking about full penetration, fucking a horse. [i]Wait. I'm the horse.[/i] She's fully attuned to me.

Her hand grabs my prick and helps me inside. I slip in. She lets out a grunt and continues moaning, getting deeper, getting lewd. Buried into her colon. Three vixens all at once.

I feel for my tail, I think I can reach her with it if I take a very awkward stance. I try.

"No don't," she says. "Not now." 

It's working. My tail can rub her clit. She's coming closer to orgasm, like her friends. I'm feeling relief in all kinds of places. Their insides rub my stiff throbbing erections that I've grown to love so well.

She pulls away. So [i]pretty[/i]. She pulled out so early I didn't get to finish.

*****
[hr]

Her allies are worn out. I sense their strength wane. I could recharge them. I send a shock through and they're good to go. Still inside me. I carry them. They are extremely happy. They're still making noise. Stuff is dripping out of them.

My mares, you will be mine forever. I think... Yes. I have the a desire most foul, to devour them. I look at the commander licking my salivating chops.

I have taken one in. She's in a precarious position. [i]It's ok,[/i] I communicate to her mind. [i]Let me take you.[/i]

I absorb her in my chest. I pull the next girl off my vibrating prong and suck her in, like I'm loading the chamber. My insides go to work. I'll remember every last one of you. You just want to fuck one more time.

I feel so energized, having mated. The spirit of the woman is with me. I can reclaim the power I lost taking their spirits into me.

(He's taken a form between Nightmare and Spirit. Were his to grow, he'd have a shadow of our command over this realm.)

( He consumed one from our galayer, the spirit, potentially more.)

( A monkey wrench in our experiment. An emergent entity. Our own doing, but it shouldn't have. We can only go forward here, or undo all the work thus far.)

(We make the headless corpse vanish. No dead body remains. There, better?)

A statuesque gallery of men waits in the next wide open room. They're bronzed and oiled. They have physiques like burly bodybuilders that have been toned. They are in shimmering robes and blue sashes. They wear white and decorative patterns.

They lie around on the floor. They're in smooth insets along the floor. For bathing purposes, but without water, they must use sand. They stand at attention by the walls dressed like the statues only more colorful.

"Oh. Oh boy," the commander says. "Oh boy! Ohboy!ohboyohboyohboy!" She's really happy, like she's struck oil, so to speak.

I come closer to her, I tell her, "I'll take them."

"Not right now," she tells me, then turns to look at me a bit dazed. "What was that?" Already guessing I was looking to mate. She thinks I'll do that with them in her stead.

"Not like [i]that![/i]" I backstep the conversation quickly. "Just. Just. You stay here. I'm not going to be long."

(We see. This is our doing, after all. This won't be what she wants...)

The commander attempts to contest me, for a right to sleep with the men. We have a lighthearted tussle. She's pretty strong but I'm eight-times her weight, and about six-times her size. Even so. She run through the door.

"Get back here. You're not going in there." I chase. Wrestling. We fall on top of some of the men. I outright crush them slightly. They look pained, but they refuse to move while watching. It's annoying.

I pick them up throwing them to he sides of the room, slamming them into walls a few meters away, easily.

Dread headlocks me, getting on my back. My neck's too broad. Her grip is stronger than any vice, she's cutting circulation. [i]Fine.[/i] I'll do it now. Not choking, but feeling like I'll pass out anyways, I release my red energy quickly restoring even parts of my body that have no circulation.

I throw her in the air ready to catch her. She does a superman pose to puch me falling back down, so I get out of the way. Her arm cracks the floor, she didn't follow with a punch. She takes a boxing stance, throwing a feint the air... repeatedly booms, crashes like a whip, sonic booms every slight jab?

"Shit." I say. I take a similar stance. I'm not used to fighting without a greatsword.

[i]Let's make this little bitch cry.[/i] Red demon. I agree.

I swallow the spirit of the vixen still inside me. My form returns to Nightmare. I throw a punch without holding back making a similar boom, and my fist is so large it's like (a jet engine) a small tornado, Dread's legs were tripped from a meter away and the men standing up from across the room fell unconscious.

[i]GOOD![/i] I relax and recover spirit, I'm not turning into the hulking djinn. I'm some kind of a Nightmare-djinn. I'm sure I'll think of a clever name for it eventually. Like this I can feel the power around the room, drawn to me. There it is.

I'm part of them.

"All set, commander," I tell her. "That was all I wanted."

They (we) stand around her in a circle jerking off.

She sees. Slightly bothered, she slips into an inset right next to one of the men. He (I) help undress what little clothes she has left. I (as many) have ropes and toys to play with her.

We tie her down. My many mouths find her delicate looks enticing. [i]Look at those tits.[/i] We suck at the fat of her belly and mammaries. [i]So soft, so delicious. I even taste her clit.[/i] We massage at her, my hands on her, and I grind into her plump ass thumb and finger. [i]Her body's all mine[/i].

I'm sharing. My two demonic horsecocks drip. Anticipating. I salivate from my one giant maw. I watch her surrounded and felt. I feel her. I feel my spirit spill (the inside of my body, the phylactery, for there's no other word that comes to mind). The women I absorbed feel it and would have a look.

They can see as well as I can. They moan. They feel it, understand me. They're part of me. I squeeze their souls playfully, I don't need them to help, they can climax endlessly if it pleases me. When they've been used up, they express the greatest joy.

(Subjugated, but receiving pleasure none the less. All mortals give in to such pure unrelenting desire.)

We bring a low-standing bench. We bring ropes and other implements. There's a restraint we can place over her head and hold her arms. I feel every hand on her, I feel each individual's desire to fuck her, their lust for her beauty. The pain inflicted, the grip on her.

Disconnected from me, the men don't realize she's far too dangerous not to be toying with them. But, as it were, she can't bring herself to make a single non-consenting sound. She gleefully laughs, moans, her pussy spills lubricant, she painfully rasps when she's caught roughly, then she shakes like she's. Yes she's climaxing, she doesn't even need to breathe so often as she climaxes.

I grope her all over and whisper into her ear. I'm speaking in their voice, in tongues, I slip in "Dread" My fingers are going in her, "Dread how long." but mostly they prod and pinch her ass and "were you hoping" tits.

She's not displeased. The men have a certain way about them, she's moaning. She hears her name, and a question. She says, "Far too long. Far longer than anyone should ever." She returns to moaning.

We finally take out our peckers and rub them against her. Oil and grease is getting all over her. So fast, we're cumming. In waves. I bellow a dull low roar as my cocks expedite their pre-ejaculation. The man who initially felt it finds his cock in her hand. She's stroking, playfully. I take it away.

Beads, her anus. Very well. I fit them in. I'm playing with her clit. I hold her tightly. I tie her down.

The beads go flying out her anus while she climaxes. She's shaking from the sensations in my many arms.

"Lie down pet."

She's still in the inset. She's leaning forward. I'm having sex with her. She relaxes lying on her back. I slip a cock in her mouth.

We finish jerking off the waves of orgasm quicken. How we're linked. I'm, all of me, climaxes. It feels so good I stop paying attention to my surroundings, I feel completely helpless standing by myself dozing off asleep on all fours.

We simultaneously shoot our cum all over her while penetrating and standing close enough. She swallows. It goes in her clenching anus from the man she held there. Hand around her fat tits grope them and the nipples are plucked red. She's doused from every angle all at once.

I felt weary, at first. All the men climaxed, and it's not like they weren't feeling it. Despite that we were good to go after a minute. I felt my need for her grow quickly again, arousal strengthened my resolve. We push her back so she's reclined in our arms as we rub our cocks around on her legs and in her hands. She tilts her head back kissing me. I can't help feel connected to her. The spirit of hers touches mine. I hold her left shoulder while returning her affection. I sense she isn't aware it's me. [i]That's right. I'm not going to tell her.[/i] While kissing her left. I'm on her right side as well kissing her neck. The desire to hurt her is missing. [i]It must be the man's desire, individuality.[/i] Our hands stroke her arms and shoulders. I'm feeling her all over. The men are very attentive, to touch every single part of her, it's a very interesting feeling. A dozen hands or more find their way into every crevice. About ten men built like statues carved by artists (that haven't been born yet) pamper the vixen held in such esteem.

One. From one, we all feel it, like the first time. We're trembling in unison. We all cum for her, all at once. We moan loudly when the first contraction halts, the ten-fold orgasm strikes me harder than any single man.

They all fall back and she lay on top of them with their arms intertwined. I'm so tired I lose my strength for a minute as well.

(Have this.)

A big one appears, he grabs the rope and ties her. She doesn't fend for herself. Too tired? She's guided to her elbows and knees onto a bench and the wooden structure claps shut.

[i]I'm sensing slutty thoughts.[/i] That explains it. One big man's not going to be worse than a group.

The man laughs. She's bound in ropes and her head's restrained. She's deep in a bath of blue glowing cum.

I sense his thoughts, [i]Illmuire would have me sleep with this pathetic cow. She'll never last.[/i] His laughter. I hate this man.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C1, Scene 6: Desert Vixen Pie[/size][/u]

Knee deep the blue glow of a bath filled with cum, alone, but the men she fucked, and the giant looming tall above her, is the vixen in command of thousands of absolutely beautiful nymphomaniacs. I remember her. In her naked and submissive state she is still the most absolutely beautiful thing I remember.

She breathes in and then harshly out, climaxing. She is invigorated, orgasmic, and thrilled from the strange energy of the men and the bath she's in. Chills and shakes of pleasure run through her.

She's completely naked, she is tan but coated in the glowing cyan and white liquid. Her oiled skin has been adorned with cum, saliva, and other bodily fluids as well as grease and milk from the men she slept with. Trails of brighter blue energies dance across her falling to gravity as she sweats it out.

I. Her. I want. [i]I want her now. NOW NOW.[/i] But I also want to hurt this laughing giant. He's so close to her, with my soul-bonded group of men worn out fucking her.

(We'd... let the hero, were he in need of our gifts. He is not.)

This man... I'm gonna. I bellow. I transform from a cyan glowing Nightmaredjinn to a black, bloody, almost larger than life horse from hell, Nightmare. I step in his direction, I use enough force I go flying. I obliterate his spine, flying past Dread, I smash my limbs down into the cut stone floor digging troughs to stop.

[i]Did I get him?![/i] I look for the body and see he's splattered across a statue and the wall, falling into little body parts. 

Red demon, [i]Yeah, good job. This isn't really going to satisfy you, or me. Take a look at that piece of ass.[/i] Behind me?

I see Dread bent over halfway in an inset. The shape of her naked body, her neck and wrists clasped in bars. That's some booty, her thin waist, those tits hanging, the tips of them pointy. Her hair's off to one side so I see her neck. She's pretty.

[i]Hey, you're not thinking of letting her out without some payback.[/i] What's that red demon? I think you're getting too weak, I can't hear you. I walk closer to her. My sizable girths of erectile tissue all blossom while my jaw drops.

[i]They didn't teach us anything about having sex with commanders. She's one in a hundred thousand, no, possibly a hundred fifty thousand. Looking at her anal input.[/i]

[b]This babe's ass. It. She takes it so well, but I didn't consider. I mean.[/b]

[i]I was inside that.[/i] I finish. [i]She was strong enough to slip way from me in the soul form. Is she going to resist me again?[/i] I should take my chances. Why not? Is she going to be mad?

I risk contemplating her virgin lips. That's what she has there. From this position, [i]those are mine[/i] Red demon says, self-assured of victory. 

My cocks are hung... (both of them) There's an electric crackle and a [i]vrrr[/i] as their motors get going. I glance over, that dude is evaporating, nothing left but a cloud of red vapor in moments.

I slap my right hand down beside my little mare's head. There's a satisfying crunch from the stones shifting under me. The bath splashes as my super silent hoof touches in and again when the next follows. Crouched only slightly I come close to her, I flex my cocks touching her.

I grab her booty in my left hand and I feel my big mouth with my own lips perching them together. I do a lip-smack-pop thing and very easily my tongue is able to do as I need.

[i]Urrrgghh[/i] "Let me cum in your big fat ass! You can't say no![/i]" My cocks are already shooting loads out. I lay on her enough she whines.

My mare has something to tell me, "Stick it in. What did I tell you? Do it now. You don't have to hold back. Don't try. Come on I'll be good, stick me. You're tired of watching now aren't you?"

I get up and personal with my chest pressing down on her wooden restraint. My pricks rest on her back. I ride her like this a little bit. Her tits are pressed down, hard. She's strong, she can take it. I watch her face while I do it.

My body transforms back to human. I give her a kiss. It's long and she knows it's me this time. She could move easily enough. I leave her lips and kiss her back, trailing down to her butt. I plant a kiss. My cocks have returned to human-enough, still thrumming with power.

I line them up and slip them in. She bleeds from her broken hymen. It's very quick. I have sex with her, the injury already healed. I tell her, "You're a tough vixen. You seem to have a little more to you than that. What are you hiding?" He grunts, satisfied, she quickly reciprocates moaning.

Between breaths, "You... have to understand. We're in this together."

Oh. There is something strange happening. [i]Dirty dirty, yes go ahead. Make her cry.[/i] I speed up so she can't possibly enjoy it, then pull out. I slap her ass.

"What is it? What do you know? How did..." (I end up in this place.) [i]No don't ask that.[/i] "How are you strong enough to break rocks with our fist? You lost your virginity, but you've stopped bleeding. I bet, you won't even care if I do something worse to you." She hears the obvious threat to interrogate her and immediately has a giggling fit. "Shh. Stop stop that. I want an answer." It's amusing, fine. What would I get out of...

[i]Ok. We'll do it.[/i] No come on I was just about to.

(He transforms. Nightmare. Then something more terrifying.)

He has two deadly sharp pricks. His hands grow talons like an eagle. His mouth so soft and inviting become jagged like a shark. The body of a horse, that once resembled a large human, now looks more scaly.

Wrap her feed together by the ankle twist her arms until they snap. She's fighting. Do it harder! The wooden bar is in the way smash smash the goddamn thing! Wham! Wham! Pound her back stop her she'll get away.

She's trying to move. The arm bar's fucking broken. Kick her. Look out she's going to punch. "Ooof."

Dread has caught on and won't give the demon a snack. Bruised from having her back broken and twisted she's healing fast. A massive bloody gash on her face and broken nose rapidly vanish. Even with her feet tied together, a goliath controlled by a demon finds her formidable.

"Come on, if you want to stick those nasty fangs into me. I'm talking about your harpoon cocks by the way. Yeaha I ooh I can imagine feeling those. But you'd better play fair. If I beat you, I'll take good care of you."

Dread lands her proposition to counter-raping a demon like she was striking a bargain.

Smile. Smile that's it. Smile. Bitches love smiles.

Dread watches the thing open a garish mouth full of daggers and draw his lips back. It's a pretty good smile. Rather oversize glowing eyes above it give a haunting look. He opens his mouth to finish the act and the phallic bits glow red on his inside. It's terrible, unlike a goliath he would eat her quite literally. His throat as far back as she can see are rows of equally sharp daggers looking to fuck her. His tongue comes out and the hairs are glinting with saliva, unbending, as sharp as needles.

His tail has sharpened armor plates as though it were formed from as many as fifteen halberd axes, metal, from the future. Although the tip of his tail, his tongue, his cocks, all still phallic, the entire edge of all things that would offer pleasure have been distorted by the demon's wish to brutally conquer his mate. His fingers could have, if they weren't talons. His body's too hard now, the ground's cut as he slides anything through it.

He dashes to her having her resort to quickly striking. There's a crumble as the temple's broken from the quakes of their fight.

She sighs. She summons her full power for her next strike. If she peels off the barbs his cocks are still adequate. But it could be more fun to let him.

The demon has crashed into the ceiling.

"You're no ancient, and you face Zeth's... champion. Do you understand?" she hesitated to say, in this version of reality, His cock wouldn't manifest. It was His cock that broke her womb. If she ever summoned it for real, He may very well penetrate her womb once more. [i]Illmuire, don't be angry.[/i]

(Not at all. We give the demon a boon.)

Both his phallic prongs spill, he roars while spooging. "Get over here you dirty slut? What are you doing to me? I'll fuck your goddamn brains through your eyesockets!" 

Dread considers it.

He leaps from the ceiling straight at her.

[i]Another direct assault[/i], she things. Unamused she side-steps. She picks up a brick and throws it. [b]Boom![/b] It explodes on contact with the demon. Although his scales block the blunt force the heat coming from him turn the dry clay brick into a warhead.

She continues throwing bricks lazily not waiting for retaliation.

He jumps up to the ceiling again. "STOP IT!" He yells. She does not. "I give up you win. Stop it."

She considers, [i]Eventually the entire room's going to run out of things to throw. She could easily beat him with her own assault. It's time to humor the giant baby.[/i]

She comes forward petting his nose. He snatches her, back to square one. He slaps her body into the floor repeatedly trying to knock her unconscious. It doesn't work. He hits her and hurts his hands.

She glibly smiles, dropping the act after a second, "Don't tell Nero." [i]Or. What?[/i] he doesn't ask. "You can do whatever you want to me, and don't tell Nero."

"Huh?"

He continues hitting her, she starts bruising again. She becomes softer. It's like even her pain is an act defying him, it pisses him off enough he gets into wailing on her body until she's a bloodied bag of misshapen bones. Then they snap back into place. She gets on her knees, and offers her sex.

"Come on," she says. "If you're going to try to kill me, fuck me at the same time. You won't be satisfied either way."

[i]This smug vixen. How dare she be immortal.[/i] Fine!

Grab that big fat ass. Squeeze until it pops then shove number two up it, try to stick it out her mouth. Her ass is firm enough my talon punctures close to her anus, ahaha good. Good. Goddamn she's fucking sexy. Listen to her squeal. Listen to this. Smash her ribcage flattening the side of her. She can't make any noise, but beg, she's begging for me to kill her. [i]It's an act.[/i] Shove the cock in, it feels good at her entrance, her asshole lets that one in, and the one below nicely cuts through her body like a big hot knife through wet fat. Now back and forth, until she's sawed in half. Her guts spill out. I squeeze my fist over her skull until the pulp splatters. Her corpse drains out the rest of its fluid. How's she going to survive this?

(Umm.)

She immaculately recovers, there wasn't even enough left of her to scoop the blood up, but she returns. This is the weirdest shit I swear.

"Ok. Lie down," she says. "It's my turn."

She gets on slipping the deadly cocks in. She lets them go deep enough they could cut her back open. She grabs at his scales on his chest ripping a few off. She's able to take his cocks in all the way hardening herself to withstand it. "Feels good, right?" she asks. He does enjoy it, he won't admit. She pins his arms to the floor. He lifts them fighting back, she holds them down.

"How are you?"

Feel her pussy strangling the base of that cock. Her ass is not so easily beaten either.

"Open up," she commands.

Soon this tongue will be at her mercy. Her eager lips purse. She tilts her face up as if to receive. [i]Fine.[/i] Put this thing in her mouth. When it's there, she's dinner. Tongue out. It's like she's willingly giving a cactus a blowjob.

It goes in enough she can purse her lips around it and suck at the soft tip. In out in. It's not dangerous, yet. She's keeping her hands on his arms, pinning him. Cum escapes the tips of his cocks. "Aaah. AAhaha!" he shakes. He fully climaxes.

(Just to clear up any easy misconception. His dicks are not shaped like swords.)

She dives to his mouth swallowing as much of his tongue as possible and he reflexively pulls her body in chewing her up. The blood sprays. There's a minute where both his cocks and throat worked to slice her into ribbons, the harpoons finally losing the fight. Half her body falls in letting him clean her bone of flesh. [i]In in swallow. Yes.[/i] The moment he was done, it was evident she must be dead. His insides continued fucking her ripping her body apart like piranhas and buzz-saw blades. She kicks.

Gently. She kicks. [i]Spit her out! She's a monster. Out out throw her out.[/i]

*****
[hr]

What's going on? My mare's covered in blood and chunks of flesh. It's like she's been sliced by a machete.

"What happened? Who did that?"

"Don't worry. I need your loving to take the edge off. Can you do it while I'm still so vulnerable?"

She's a freak. It looks like she's been beaten up and carved with a knife. She turns around presenting. I can get over it, her inputs are immaculate. Her ass is unmarred.

[i]I'll give my little mare a love bite.[/i] I kiss her shoulder and suck around her neck. It... feels wrong trying to dig into her, it's like I'll hurt myself more than her, I can't. (Teeth, but no bite.) She's already moaning.

(While sucking her shoulder his tongue's able to stick out far enough to proceed. She can see his well-endowed third prick. Along with filiform and other papillae acting as the tongue's receptors there are a series of hair-like whiskers and then lighter white hairs extended from it and down the length like a mane. It can navigate to the closest entrance and weave is way through obstacles as needed. The tip of the tongue has a mushroom shape, but it's clearly not engorged, and has more of a spear shape like the face of a fish plus the mouth and gills allowing it to shrink and expand rapidly. As it does this expansion the tongue's structure grows slightly and everything but the hairs stick out slightly more. He's a man with more than two brains.)

(She has a chance to look at it for a long time. Our little actress can still get excited seeing one of these things about to take her throat for a ride.)

I'm kissing her neck. She squeals like a younger woman. Such naughty vixen sounds, I think I remember being with a few like her. (How?) Kissing her on the lips would feel so good. I angle closer to her face and my tongue whips. I put my hand near her face to... ([i]Rip her jaw open and shove it in. No forget you.[/i]) I push her from the opposite side to kiss her and the base of my tongue slides back along her lips. She sucks the length as it does giving me chills. I give her the kiss this promised. I need to take her now.

Easily, so easily, my hips move back behind her relaxing my abs. My cocks have her! I don't really know how. I slide forward into her while kissing her. Just like that. There's a splash as her legs kick the bathwater and I feel it slosh around my feet tickling me sending those orgasmic shivers up my spine as well as hers.

(He just shoves two cocks into her while choking her with his tongue-cock and spitroasts her into a submission hold. Seeing him, we're very pleased. She likes it.) 

A lot of white stuff comes out her mouth. I stop kissing her taking my tongue away and focus on penetrating her. "Yeeeeaaaa-shh!" I yell pushing in. It sounds like an incredibly deep roar for a full two-seconds. Sheesh.

I try to sound cool and screw her breathing steadily. Each thrust I burp... it sounds like I'm breathing fire. I need to fart. When she catches wind she starts moaning again.

Fuck. My ass. Fuck. Her. Ass!

I grab her bubble butt and stretch to see my cocks going in her. Two? Ok. I'll never get used to a sight like that. She's able to move and fight, or make love to me, as I keep plunging into her. She takes the horse-fucking position.

I rip one really loud. Goddamn! Don't. Goo look at her sexy ass forget that. "Huuh. Huuuuh." I fart even louder.

(It's a prostate thing.)

Shit this is exciting. I see a lot of cum is already exiting her. Instead of what I expect, she squeals and yells in response to my abrupt hair-splitting ass blasts, and her own shitter splits open on display between my meat hooks. My two enormous cocks are stretching her wide, I feel a twinge as the cum shooting out of me goes full throttle. "I like... this," I squeeze her ass cheeks. She can still take me deeper. I grab her tits and squeeze them. "I like these." I angle above her and thrust down.

I lift her onto me and pump her body up and down while standing. I can feel her all around me.

I want more. I turn her around so I can suck her tits. My cocks slip out. Oh... Her face. Oh my. She's covered in sperm. Her face is red. She's milky white. Her tits are so gorgeous. I play with her tits. I suck at her side of her ribs and into her armpit and lick her from there to the tip of her breast. She shouts from the tickle and gets louder until I'm finally wrapping my lips around one big succulent breast. My tongue finds the tip of her nipple and circles it with a flick and I slurp. I have the urge and jab away repeatedly trying to penetrate her areolae, but her breast doesn't give. She's not built that way. It's too fun to stop though. She keeps reacting like I'm plucking her nipple each time. (The hairs are a little sticky) I want to do, more. I want to do so much more.

I press my cocks back to their correct positions and notice her clit's been untouched. "Oh. Commander. I want to thank the vixens for teaching me. Can you tell why?" I pause.

She shakes her head vigorously. She has a look of bewilderment and, she's between orgasms. She'll cum again, immediately. I grab her cunt in hand and squeeze.

"They taught me how to treat a woman." I place her shoulders down, head down, legs in front of her, her ass in the air. While doing this my hands find their way back to her breasts. I stick my tongue in her pussy causing her entire body to move with the force of it and suck her clit. She bellows and raises the pitch of her voice to one of pleasure immediately. My big maw tightly forms a seal around her butt. (Suck, gentle teeth) It feels so good I remove my tongue and start licking around all over coating her with my (cum) saliva before plunging it back in again and tongue-fucking. She orgasms hysterically gasping. It's like I'm playing a very sexual instrument that begs for encore, encore.

(The hairs and little fronds along the length of the tongue, oh, there's even more.)

[i]Dread begs for mercy. Screaming in climax. A virgin no more.[/i]

(She hasn't been a virgin for a solid hour at least. He forgot a little bit more than needed.)

(Staying to enjoy the tryst longer, are we? We did not take her power away.)

(It will be a never-ending feast. A goliath of his caliber, plus the level of insatiable lust and vigor that can't be surmounted. If she doesn't fight it anyway.)

I... can't... stop... I suck, I suck suck her ass and pussy, her clit her legs I lunge forward and swallow her down to her chest with her legs pressed into her shoulder. Her tits I can feel them tickling my upper lip. My tongue repositions and goes in her ass. She feels it, she twists her body and begs in harsh screams. "More, no! Stop. Aah! It's in it's oh my!" I'll do more, I won't stop. I feel the top of her head and stuff her down my gullet swallowing her down to her shoulder. Her feet are above her head. I can feel this... I can feel this.

I have a deep feeling of [i]gratification[/i] eating her is sex. I am having sex with her. I'm salivating, she's the most delicious thing. My gullet fills with fluids and the organs prepared for such an act come alive. It's nature to me. To [i]this[/i]. My stomach pushes out as I suck her down further. The fullness is good. I reflexively shut my jaw down onto her neck to capture her cutting her escape off. Only her feet and head are sticking out. I suck at her body. I feel her every part of her along the insides of me. There are many more things inside to do the work feeling, fucking her. I'm having sex with her. She's moaning. She chokes and I belly-laugh because it feels so good, it feels so good sticking my tongue out of her mouth. It's gone through her.

Oh? Can you feel that [i]mare[/i]? Can you feel how I've taken over you entirely from the inside? I've impregnated you. I've burdened you in every crevice. With every sinful ridge. I've saturated your insides and coated your flesh in so much of me it won't come out for months. And I have more.

[i]Come inside.[/i]

[i]She screams.[/i]

I swallow and chew (without biting). My teeth aren't able to reach her. I chew with those other parts of me, instead of bone, each crunch you expect is replaced by hydraulic pressurization. The transmission of fluid. All of her, her entire body has to feel me pass through it all at once through her insides and out her mouth. Each time I make this chewing motion it's like I cum inside her, all over her, inside her.

I've entered her lungs. I've trapped her in me. I've gone inside her muscles. I'm pumping into her blood vessels. I swallow reflexively, trapping her if she were fighting, she's too far I have taken her. She's delicious. My cock's getting tired, inside, and I'm getting horny, outside.

*****
[hr]

(Into the wetness. Her body a weapon, she continues absorbing him into her pores.)

I take the male harem into the spirit.

(He's taking more.)

I decide to continue.

There is a small room. There is a girl with her remarkable face, a resemblance exacted to be indiscernible.

I hear a voice "[i]Prove your flesh is worthy. Ascend to be one unrivaled.[/i]"

"Who are you?" I ask. No response.

I hear a voice, Illmuire? "[i]Don't you recognize yourself?[/i]" she asks.

Her name is ... Nero?

[i]You too?[/i]

(The hero is overwhelmed. We take him now, we'll have him now... Oh 'my' what a special gift. We have plans.)

(He would live many lives. As a Vixen he had a cult, as a farmer he became a vixen's pet, as a War Chief he became... terrible, wonderful. He returned to this time, this place, devouring Dread. [i]Many times[/i]. And... through this multitude of experience, fornicating, he becomes more.)

It's not over -> Next chapter "Recreation"