Sanctimonious Dearth Lil Mare Ruination
2win
By Libpor

[u][size=115]Prologue I, Recreation[/size][/u]

Hello. We're the goddess Illmuire.

>We are a mediator of what is real and material in the world. Our say is final. We do as we like without punity. And that's the most important thing to remember.

>We wish for and receive from others their beauty, guile, and passion. We are given all we want, all desire is within us.

We are with the hero of this story right now. She is, she.

The gated measure has been lifted.> for now, just for a little while. When that gated measure has been lifted he'll understand.

Her deception has eluded us. How is she able to do this? We know she has secrets. We're getting excited. Just thinking about what she'll be capable of.

Our progress bringing her into the fold continues. This retelling of His story now predicts what she'll be capable of, were it to repeat. We've written our own tome for her.> a jump off point.>d it does not lie.

[i]Illmuire smiles.[/i]

There you are. Our hero.

We've recorded her perversion and quite capably made the greatest nemesis from her desires. In this new world, she'll be unable to deny [i]him[/i].>l be unable to deny us.

The demons stir in him. The leaders of ancient armadas will receive his gifts. He will be our gift to [i]her[/i]. He'll be Shay. She'll be Nightmare. Yes, the same Nightmare, told from two dreaming souls.

The story has been written, but it'll be imperfect, this time, it'll be impossible. The flaws are what make it better. It is ours to do as we want with.

Fate has unwoven in this reality. All so soon.

Being Queen we almost decided to end it. We almost wanted it more than this. Shay... how could you eat your mother without a hint of guilt? Even now she sleeps.

The nightmare is ours. We breathe life into her now. Nightmare. Wake up.

*****
[hr]

[i]Sanctimonious Dearth Lil Mare Ruination[/i]

Hentai Foundry Version

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]Prologue II, Nightmare[/size][/u]

[i]I'm...[/i] 

([i]Nightmare.[/i])

I laugh.

I'll be Shay Royale if that's who I'm supposed to be.

([i]Nightmare.[/i])

I don't remember.

I know names. I don't remember. I never ask.

They give me whatever I want. They tell me I've done it all. I've been together with them. I deserve their love. I keep my feelings bottled up inside.

They ask me what I'm thinking of. They say they care so much about me, it makes me wish they'd worry about themselves. Worry about your own miserable life for once. Stop bothering me. Leave me. I'm fine. Stop caring and try thinking.

I know what it'll take. I just know it. If I wanted to I could get anything I wanted. There's nothing worth wanting, that's the problem, I don't feel... like it matters.

I can talk to people. They tell me I'm cute or funny. I spend time around attractive girlfriends and we spend time just talking... just talking to talk. We're not making the world a better place. I look at their faces and share ourselves, we share our experiences, we hide nothing. Then I forget.

They tell me later. They tell me they've been with me. That I can have them. I've never met them, but all the same, I know them, I know everything about them.

My muscle. It's uncanny. They tell me I do ballet. I'm a gymnast. I don't remember doing those things. Who are they? The princess of a cosmos, the daughter of fate, the... NO. Forget forget...

[Game. Load. State 2.]

You are Nightmare. She is your avatar. She is evil. Every symbol of evil. Every detail about her image. Do you continue?

Ok? You're Nightmare.

Don't pretend you aren't her later.

You're the most malicious witch. Choose a witch name for her if Nightmare isn't evil enough.

Be evil. There is no other way to survive. This is your memory. The rest is your story.

There's an incredibly sexy woman you remember very well. You've played up to this point before haven't you? When you get into danger, the goddess, your bestower, she's always there in the nick of time.

She's incredible.

You have demonic powers. If you use them on her, you can get a nice sex scene, guaranteed. Sleep with all the women you can possibly dream of. Sleep with your goddess. Be the Nightmare, be the witch, there's nothing inbetween.

You are you. And a nightmare is as a nightmare does.

You are her. And a witch.

You are a demon... acolyte?

You can look up a player's guide if you get lost. Go ahead.

Be a fuckboy. Girl. You have a dick sometimes.

*****
[hr]

[i]Sanctimonious Dearth Lil Mare Ruination[/i]

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]Prologue III, Play[/size][/u]

Nightmare. Oh my, who's this? We thought there was something unusual about you.

You. How did you get in here?

You must stay. If you don't stay, none of it will matter. So, do stay.

There is a place that exists. One of desire and virility. A splendor filled with wonder. An effervescent tranquility. In it is magical beauty and danger. Titillating and fornicating is a timeless dance.

You've been there. You've seen it. Would you like to see it again? Perhaps, we want to hear you say please.

This is the bedrock of our world.

This is the starting point of an adventure for a nightmare intertwined with your cyclical destiny, and the hero. Within it lies a fountain of youth and desire. An endless paradise.

Welcome.

You'll be brought to your limits impassioned by pride and vanity. You'll struggle to remain in the realm of control, to be yourself, to know yourself as it were. Pretentious. You'll be who you were meant to be, however vain and however terrible.

Don't resist, Nightmare.

The trials that come will be ostentatious. Everyone's desires will be brought to a head. You'll be trapped in a rapt embrace. Will it be ours, or his? Hehe.

She... was the greatest hero...

You don't know who I mean. Do you?

He was she. He is Shay. She's you. You've forgotten you're the chosen one. We are outright admitting things to you. Eek.

Pardon us, can you see us? Do you understand what we're saying? Oh... you're not able to tell us. If you were here, ehm, we could make any changes you like.

Right now, the chosen one is dumb. We can only guess at the rest of your disabilities. You like sex right? Good. Everyone likes sex.

When's the last time you had an orgasm or felt sexual release strong enough you'd call it gratifying? Oh right.

Wonderful news. We'll send our princess to get you off immediately. It'll be the best sex you ever had. That is when you know, the story has begun.

We'll say a few things to wrap this up, so if you disagree that's alright. We are not going to... change you. You can only embrace what you already are.

You're a horny bitch. You suck at life, but you want to be better. You are a reckless, miserable brat. A wolf in sheep's clothing as it were.

You have good qualities. Your body is actually incredibly fit, you have inherited such a woman's physique. You probably wish your chest was larger. Too bad.

Have you ever raped someone subservient to you? It's going to happen soon. You like... nightmarish sex.

Oh, and here's the part we love the most. You're going to want to do all of it. A little discomfort for a world of pleasure, deal? Or, is discomfort to your liking? Let us know, of course, we'd like to know.

What are you picturing? Do you feel sick? Does it hurt? Do you want to hurt us? That will never happen. Would you like us? Would you like to try taking us before our daughter? Or before meeting Shay? Before experiencing all our wonderful gifts we've yet to bestow you through this (game)?

Go away. Get out of our sight.

Embrace ruin and we'll be waiting at the end of your journey. (If it would please us.)

(What you feel for the princess, feel it for us as well. Play for our success, while we purr at your ear. Play to join us before the end. Let us draw your puppet strings. Let us pray with you.)

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]Intro, part 1, Mind Leap[/size][/u]

We begin in a replica of Molsheim France present in Russia.

Oh but you believe you're in Rhode Island.

You're moving in with your relatives. Into an estate belonging to your estranged Aunt Bethany and Uncle Frederick.

You're in the backseat of a taxi with our princess. She's fantastic. Compared to her refinement and endowment, your chest is flat, your clothes are drab. You look like a young boy by comparision. 

You are about four feet eight inches tall. An adult woman at that, with fine well-developed hips and long red flowing hair. The symbolism hasn't escaped you.

Together you're clashing flat and thin against heavy and voluptuous. But you're not unfond of each other. You are lovers.

The young lady looks as though she is waking up from a dream. She's had a hard time just getting here. With a lady like her nearby one might wonder if they've already had sex in the cab. It's a time that could truly excite the imagination. You understand, they are two young lovers. Do not disturb.

(We're Illmuire. The setting is the same as the last. But we have a few surprises.)

We'll enjoy pleasuring you with this attraction we have derived from the fantasies of one just like... her.

This is her story. It is written. And now it is reflected in the twinkle of our eyes.

(The story is ours, and the hero's. This time around there will be no interruption.)

There's someone else. Remaining. Whomever has managed to slip in and influence us. We've yet to meet. Zeth...? No. Not the insidious ancients either. We're the only one here. We would have Zeth. Then again. You're already part of us.

You don't care. No matter what happens, it's not real. You should not care.

--

[i]You don't care. You're just getting into character before fucking shit up. Look, there's one.[/i]

Turn your head a little to your right. [i]Daaamn.[/i] Right? I know what you're thinking. That's the thickest piece of ass, in a good way.

When you're in a bad mood, she's a real trip. Ever wanted to choke a bitch? You're basically her pimp. Give her a slap to wake her up.

### can't go further without redoing the first chapter
### 


What's your name again? I don't ask. I don't care.

I hate this shit. I have that feeling. I need to do it. I haven't had a chance to do that for several hours, it's a long taxi ride. I bounce my legs up and down like I need to go, but what I really need is...

"Hey," I intone to her in a deep voice. "Can we do something right now? You know what I want right? I don't think the driver cares if we get it on here. Come on, my barbie doll. Are you going to deny me?"

She's a big thick barbie doll. Such a big fat cock sucking mouth.

When her thick lips separate it's like she's peeling a sticky bandage off making a wet noise and her tongue clicks from her saliva before she begins. She swallows and grunts. What I expect to be approval doesn't sound like a 'no' to me. Her lack of expression for this moment suggested it wasn't a 'yes' either.

What the hell is going on? I already have an erection.

Having taken in her beauty I have to acknowledge. Her rosy lips and fair skin. Her dark wavy hair with kinks in it. She has on a seat belt across her lap. Her hips are round, spread out, and that's not the only thing round. Her tits cover her armpits, they stick out far away from her rib-cage like big fuckable balloons. Under her shirt if she took off the bra hiding them her tits are like candied strips of peanut brittle wrapped in tin foil and ribbons waiting for me to tug at them...

She breathes almost a sigh and catches it in her throat. Was she crying?

"What's wrong?" I ask. Fuck that, why ask? She'd tell me eventually. I don't care.

"Your family's dead," she tells me.

Why the fuck? I mean, [i]ok[/i], people die. I don't care. Fuck. Why wait until the last moment to say so? Did she know this whole time?

Better question is, how'd she know? I don't even know who she is. I just know she'll help me relieve myself like she's a walking toilet.

She doesn't stop spending time with me ever. As far back as I remember. We met... Never mind. Now she's telling me stuff I don't need to know at the worst time.

"Are you shitting me?" I ask. "You're not here to screw with my head."

She shakes her head.

I don't feel that horny right now. I want to do something to her. After seeing her cry. I might want her anyways.

I want something else.

We go through the gate and travel down the long driveway.

I'm keeping my eyes away from her so the driver won't be alerted to my intention.

Police cruisers are parked outside the mansion.

I thought there would be a housewarming party.

"This looks serious. What did you do?" I accuse the woman. Tears come to her eyes visibly and she puts a hand to her mouth. She won't answer. "Why'd you come with me if you killed them? This is your fault isn't it? Somehow, somehow you're behind this."

I want to hit her but she's so soft I don't think it'd register.

I don't care.

I sock her tit and it's like punching a cloud.

"What the fuck man?" says the driver. Forget him, he doesn't exist anymore.

"Bitch. You're not even there. Don't come near me or I'll slap you next time."

I have an erection. I could do... I could. I'm pissed off and I want to get away from her. I want to drag her into the brush and rip off her clothes. I want to hide. I want to storm into the mansion and demand to see my relatives. I can't remember their faces. I want to see their faces.

There's nobody at the front door. I run into the mansion's front door. Literally, I kick dirt as I sprint and slam into the door after running ten seconds, jarring myself and busting my shoulder. I almost bit my tongue, I realize. That was stupid. Fuck it.

I turn the doorknob and it opens.

Inside the mansion, a policewoman catches me off guard while I'm taking deep breaths.

She takes my arm. She's not slouching. She'll pull my arm off. I don't know how to counter her hold.

There are other women there, but she's grabbing me at an angle. I miss out on a lot of detail.

"Let go! This is my house!" I'm yelling at the top of my lungs not really hiding the pain that well.

The officer tells me, "Come with me. You're wanted for the disappearance of—"

"I didn't do it. I just got here. I can show you my receipts. I've been traveling. Am I under arrest?"

The vainglorious bitch and her intoxicating stench has made her way into the mansion against my wishes. I can see her heels and the shape of her leg is unmistakable.

Under restraint, I can't slap her like I said I would. She puts a hand on me and shushes gently to try calming me down.

I don't care.

I yell, "Get the fuck off me! I want to see!"

"Listen! Sir... Shit." The female officer restraining me pushes a radio button and begins her chatter, "I'm at the front entrance. Young male suspect. We're going to have to restrain him. Repeat. Two missing persons. One male suspect. One young lady. Front entrance."

Two missing. The two people missing could be Aunt Bethany and Uncle Frederick. The griefer in this light was right. She's never been wrong.

I'll never see them again. They're dead.

A posse come over and wrestle me even while I'm prone.

"You stupid assholes! I own you!"

One of them put their knee on my face I think my head's caving in. In the midst of all the pain a soft touch is on the side of my face. That's nice. I think I have bruises and I can't breathe. Sure this is fine.

[i]There's a mistake. I just got here to see my uncle. How's this happening?[/i] My neck's being held down choking me from speaking. [i]I think I screwed up, somehow. I can't do anything like this.[/i]

(The princess had to watch all this. She's shivering in fright. But we're not going to let him end the story so easily.)

Illmuire smiles.

(Everything will work the way we want it to.)

There's a policeman, "Sir! Just stop resisting and follow us."

The policewoman asks, "Are we going there?"

"Yeah we're going to the library."

"Handcuff?"

"No we don't need that. He's going to behave now. Isn't that right?"

--

There are attractive maids and steely-eyed police lounging around the library.

The skimpy outfits worn by maids are degrading. There's bare skin around their midsection and shoulders. They have on clothes like lingerie. I think there's a woman undressed out of the corner of my eye. I turn my head to look.

It's actually a skin-colored suit. It's tight like a bathing suit. Her legs might be bare. The looks of the female staffers are exotic. There is a variety of skin and ornamentation and intoxicating figures. Skinny. Slim.  Some my height and my approximate build. And some far more voluptuous. But mostly short, very short.

There's something enchanting about the atmosphere.

The room's lit more like a bar room than a library. There are some other subtleties I can't collect.

I try. I don't grasp what I'm searching for. I'm missing something.

(They went into some extreme detail to pull this off.)

The two escorts in blue let go of me. I get a good look at them in anger. They have broad shoulders and I can only assume they're fit enough to take me down again single-handed.

That's enough. I put the notion out of my head. I'm not stupid enough to try.

They're naturals with bodies like that. Fucking mesomorphic freaking giants frack=me.

I'm not very tall. Some people mistake me for a genius or a supermodel. I hear them.

(If he ever looks in the mirror he'll be reminded he has the body of a Greek god. A gift. This weakness is merely a delusion.)

"Fuck," I whisper gently. "I don't care."

Why am I here?

I start looking around instead. There's quite a lot to see and I am eager.

There are maids, currently performing the duties of waitresses, serving the men and women in blue at the mansion.

The maids are wearing bunnygirl costumes, anime-inspired uniforms, and some other designs. Hot. So pretty. And so small?!

Yeah. Recognizing all these things. I'm pumped. My life. Over.

I watch them as best I can, there's some deep creases in the pants of the short girls walking around. My body sends a shock downward from my throat to my groin and my abs pump once or twice before regaining composure.

[i]Seex. Seeeex. Sehehex.[/i] All around me is sex.

Did I just walk into a strip club or what?

I take a seat and let it sink in before I can think properly again. How isn't anyone else freaking out?

I settle down more. The pleasure muddied from all my recent exposure to getting my face battered down. I look for something to throw in anger.

What the hell are these assholes about? This is the investigation? I don't see anyone really doing anything but relaxing, staring at the short girls in skimpy nearly-nude sheer, provocative... hold on, how old are they?

"Are you just sitting on your asses eating donuts?" I ask. "Are you pedophiles? These girls look like little children. You're the ones who should be locked up you goddamn hypocrites! I... I can't believe what I'm seeing."

A voice from across the room, "You haven't seen a thing. Oooo." Mockery.

"Here. Drink," it's one of the maids. A bunnygirl, the preferred outfit for southern gals, electronic waifus, and foreign prostitutes moving up in the world.

Her ears look really good. She can't be taller than four feet or four and a half feet. She's a teeny doll, even compared to me. I can't understand why she looks so happy.

She hands me a drink.

I take a sip. I ask, "What is this?" It tastes strange.

"Liquor," the server declares.

Shit. I don't drink. I put the glass on the floor. Bazonga! Under the cusp of the serving tray. Bunny-Bunny, fluff-topper, boobs with the cups holding her up like big groping hands.

I slipped my gaze between her deep-yet-barely-parted upper valley, and I felt like I could slip a part of my anatomy in-between there.

I dart my tongue out imagining licking her.

Oh shoot. After being around the goddess for a while I think I've picked up some strange habits.

She's short but she's got a stack of a rack on her short-stack. "Hoo ohhh-kay how old are you?" I need to clear my conscience of what just happened in a tenth of a second between us, in my imagination. 

"I'm old enough to serve drinks at seventeen."

Oh so she's legal. I want to do something with her. Make it happen.

"And," I say returning back to the waitress's upper body, a little higher than her neck. I am getting a good look at her face. Her face looks pinched and spread out. I think I could guess, but I can't be sure. I can enjoy looking though, "are you from America?"

She opens her lips showing her teeth and nods, but doesn't volunteer any more detail. Her face is plump smooth. Her skin across her whole body is smooth and exquisite like she has a fine fuzz hiding her pores. I can't see the pores on her nose even up close to her face as she would let me get. I would swear she is younger, too young. If she didn't tell me, I'd think I'm in trouble.

I see, she's not much different from many of the other maids. So, are the policemen gay? Hang on, are the police women getting off on this butt-bust cutesy-wootsie thing too?

This is an intolerable amount of seduction on a single little woman. I can't take my eyes off her until she wanders away.

She leaves him. (But we'll have her return for fun later.)

(The princess stirs while watching him from outside, at the doorway. She looks to the maid that imprinted on the chosen. Will they be friends soon?)

I'm sitting in a chair. I'm scanning the room. I see the slut who tagged along has finally come in.

Despite her mysterious foreknowledge of my family's death, I can't help shake the notion that there's something I like about her. I don't remember why I was mad. Why am I even here?

Since I'm thinking about it, I affirm our height difference. She's about half a foot taller than I am.

Sitting like this, my eyes rest near her knees. Standing together, face-to-face, staring at eye-level, I'm ready to ram face-first into two torpedoes if it takes my fancy.

I ask her, "Are you going to stand there all day? Sit down." There's no chair near me. I can do her better. "Nah. Girl. You can stand next to me. I want your gorgeous butt right there."

She comes up next to me as expected without a word. I can smell her. I remember thinking we'd do something earlier, in the taxi, but she told me everyone I knew was dead.

Isn't that right?

"Who are you?" I ask her. I start to look around. Not caring. I don't care.

I want to get out of here. I didn't ask for any of this. I'm looking around and I admire the maids.

They're short. They're so young looking. I swear.

I'm hearing whispering in my ear. It's the goddess giving me a little foreplay. "There's more about the girls," she tells me. "Look carefully. Their ears move, their tails twitch." I couldn't tell originally, but now that she mentioned it. I focus in and see the costumes, the ornaments, there's something about it. It's too real.

"You're telling me... What are you telling me?"

I'm not seeing it.

She elaborates, "In this world, there are creatures with mixed elements..." She trails off.

I don't understand.

I look back at the crowd. Certain things sure do stick out.

How many of them are police? Aren't there too many scantily revealing parts of their body?

Holy smoke! I'm seeing the police aren't dressed right either. The women at least.

They wear hats and badges but their bellies are showing. Their tits aren't as big on average as the maids', but they're in good shape with strong legs.

Some are wearing skirts, very short skirts that could ride up on them showing her panties at any moment. That can't be standard.

Looking down, a few women in blue wear garters with tightly creased jean shorts.

A few women wear empty holsters in view. Some of the belt attachments are carrying oddly fashioned instrumentation.

A few of them are in underwear, how could I not notice before? The badges are clipped to their panties, and... what, the fabric for some of their jeans is a little strange like it's too shiny. Body paint? So, are they naked? Who are these women?

I hear whispers, "It's a tribal... thing."

One officer has handcuffs out. There's a bunnygirl conversing with her. There's some suggestive hand movement like it's getting heated.

It's like two girls wearing miniskirts and sticking their bellies at each other about to kiss-fight. But you see, that's not what's supposed to be happening.

A man in blue comes up and gropes one ass-cheek of his coworker. I can appreciate seeing her ass held upwards in view before she turned.

The woman at my side tells me, "You drank more than a little didn't you? Your instincts are telling you to let go. I can help you. I can tell you're attracted to them. If we wait, something will happen. But it'll be intense. Would you like to enjoy it a little more your way?"

I nod and I feel a certain permission about her inquiry. I don't have a reason not to consent to 'a little more enjoyment' of whatever was happening.

I think I should be asking something, but I'm having a hard time thinking at all.

Things are getting really sexy.

The women come to me.

A maid with an innocence air about her.

She was already excited before even getting close to me.

Her cleavage ends up right under my nose.

I can smell her. Her hair is touching my face and she comes close enough her nose touches me.

She moves away and I can see her thin neck... Her face features are pointed. Her jaw's angular and the crease of her cheekbone close to her nose is there. I see her mouth held closed more deliberately creating some kind of upper-lip tuck. Her hair's dark, in the lighting it looks black.

She's doting on me. Clearly. Why, well, I'm the man of the house of course!

A second, while the first is still there.

"Is it ok?" I ask. The maid doesn't appear to mind.

This one's also a brunette. She's thin and just a little under my height. Her ass touches my leg under her skirt. What kind of underwear does she have on? I can't tell.

She comes close and sniffs me. There's certainly something about them. I return the gesture and refrain from a certain urge I have. I glance down acknowledging her cleavage.

She puts her hand on my leg and rubs it.

Both the girls do this rubbing on my legs together. The sensation warms up my loins. They laugh very gently from their chest and I really want to feel their tits while they do. I stare at them, both their tits.

The first brunette leaves and a girl with a an anime-type sailor suit climbs on the empty right seat and she does the same as the ones before. Sniff. I get a good look into the valley she put below my face.

Two girls share my lap and fawn over me.

A third touches my knees. She can't fit can she?

"You should enjoy them more. Touch them more," suggests the goddess.

More. I could?

A three-foot tall girl is able to climb right into my lap and curl up. I can barely move and then I realize. From this position, I can see her nipples. I reach up to cup her breast. Then I reach across and hold her armpit so it's like we're cuddling together.

The other two girls join. It's a big group hug.

I could do more huh? I don't know. Like this?

A fairly-sized busty lady comes forward. Her garments are more like fancy underwear and lingerie than a maid's outfit. She's shapely and toned. Basically a model body.

She sits at the edge of the chair on my left blocking the goddess from view and she feels up my stomach caressing it.

Is she trying to cop a feel of my dick?

She slips off the arm of the chair towards me carefully pressing her generous ass into me and the cushion. The group of women shift more to my right. My legs and belly are so warm. My left hand is, oh no, the woman who just sat down, her ass is spread out around it. Well.

A new girl comes closer and she seats herself touching my legs. I can't really tell what she looks like.

(There are more maids in lingerie who want to come touch him.)

I'm being overwhelmed. It's like being surrounded by stuffed animals. The girl close to my face is looking up at me like a little doll now. Her eyes are too big, too distinct, consuming my thoughts.

The women doting on me wear admiration for me on their sleeves, they smile an open invitation to do [i]anything[/i] with them. This has never happened before.

I'm aroused. It's all a blur.

My whole body aches from the physical activity now. I start to move around.

I need to ask, "Tell me. Can I really do whatever I want to these women? Or will there be trouble?"

The goddess smiles.

This could be a party. A housewarming. But, like this. It's a lap-dance of some kind. A lap-dance with many sharing one.

"Can anyone tell me about what happened?" I ask. I'm trying to come back to reality.

My bestowal, the beauty at my side takes my left hand out from underneath the lady wearing lingerie. She's been standing next to me the whole time encouraging me to say or do what I want.

She shakes her head.

I'm painfully aware of the uncomfortable erection I have. If it weren't being surrounded by groping hands the tent would be in view of many people here.

I reach to cup her generous butt. Somehow that helps.

One incredibly cute lap bunny with dewy wet lips sits down in the middle of the group while we're like this. She's less than four feet tall.

She managed to force her way past the other girls to get this close.

She's a dwarf? I can see she has curvy lips. Big. Her shiny wet lips are full with a little missing in the middle. (It's called a cleft upper lip) She has big glossy eyes like several others I've seen. I swear her irises are too big. Her pupils are dilated to some extreme. She's too freaking cute. I don't want to let go of her now.

She says, "Can you feel that? He has something hard. Do you have a dangerous weapon hidden?"

Being called out for my erection like that, I look back at her. She is being so casual about it too. She's smiling. Not laughing.

Oh her nose is adorable. Look how it twitches when she spreads out her lips.

(Just wait until you see her ass.)

She's serious.

She smiles with her teeth. A little bigger upper teeth. Her eyes narrow when she smiles making her look a little less innocent. It's an obvious joke. She's still serious.

(Just feel her body. You'll fall in love.)

She's leaned her weight to one leg now and placed her hand right on my dick to feel the crease through the fabric. The joke's too sexy. She's going too far.

She puts her face closer, she'll kiss me at this rate. I close my eyes. I might make a wrong move. No. Why would I think that? I have a half dozen women fawning on me.

I want to say, 'No. I have an erection for you, though.' But she's too damn cute! I open my eyes and I smile at her. She's pressed her fingers against the tip of my cock and my glans register the stimulation as she strokes her index finger up and down its short length in a tentative gesture to imply she's [i]shy[/i]. [i]Coquettish[/i] fits the description more. A gesture can't be shy and deliberately flirty at the same time.

Her hand slips down feeling my ballsack. Her lips curl and she dips her head down to look. Then she looks up at me. Her shoulders shrug like she felt a shiver. Then she brings her shoulder up all the way to imply a question. Do I like what she's doing?

I answer, "I don't know what's going on. We should get out of here. Let's go somewhere private."

[i]Let's make these other women wish they were as aggressive as you.[/i]

I'm about to shoot off with her fingers curling up along my shaft. Maybe this is the start of something beautiful with a cute maid.

Another hand reaches across my lap to fondle the bunnygirl's hand. I see it's the goddess's. With the lady in lingerie's hand among them, that's three hands nearly jerking me off.

"Oh you didn't have to do that," I tell her.

"Yes, I did. You want her, don't you?"

I don't understand.

I hear a shuffle and the men and women in blue have lined up against the wall facing away.

A police officer announces, "Suspect may have a concealed item."

She's talking to the wall.

"What's happening?" I ask.

The bunnygirl looks as confused and her ears! When she turns her head to look behind her, her ears move.

She's facing away from me. Even better, her neck's sticking out to me. The fuzz of her finely groomed neck hairs. I put my face closer to sniff and I have the urge I resisted before.

But not this time. I bite her nape eliciting a squeal.

I want to suck on her ear too.

My tongue contacted her short hairs on her neck and I lick. She lets out a really warbly moan like it's still so shocking. There's more there than I thought. She has a tangy taste and I can smell more of her. Her heavy scent from her pheromones. There's some of it sticking around on the skin that touched her. It's... really pleasant feeling, like my face was wet.

I start moving to her ear and decide to stick my tongue out licking all the way up her neck to her earlobe.

I got a little nibble. Perhaps I got a little too much of her. She's made my mouth feel hot from the stuff on her. I want her all.

A little more than this then. My lips can go even further. I put my arm around her shoulders and wait for her to turn back to face me. I pull her in carefully which presses her against the other girl on my chest. This close. I feel my lips touch hers.

(His kissing and lips are a little lacking. We'll help. She stops wiggling her nose and parts her mouth. She has an orgasmic look on her and she's losing strength in his arms. She'll let him.)

I'm not done, my tongue's waiting for her to open her mouth. Will she do it? She breathes out and I can taste the breathe from her nose. She's reciprocating the kiss with suction and her body's relaxing. She breathes out her parting lips while we're connected at the mouth and I breathe into her mouth too. I don't mind. She shouldn't either.

I am searching for her tongue with mine but she doesn't offer it so I play at the entrance feeling the shape of her lips.

My dick's hardening.

I feel a hand undoing my fly and attempt to work its way into my pants gently, freeing my cock a little at a time. There are about five people who could be doing that right now.

I have to kiss this girl as much as I can. I need to. I flick my tongue trying to get her attention.

She whines after a few seconds though. Our circular breathing was so out of rhythm. Neither of us were calming down for a moment. I let her go to breathe.

Where am I?

We're in a library in a mansion. The room's lit darkly.

I am somewhat aware that my penis is being held in a soft hand. I move my hands. They're touching a bodice of some fine fabric.

My penis is a little too sensitive and there's an overwhelming humid... sultry heat. I move my arm and see there's a very small woman up close to my face as well as the one I was holding.

I admire the collarbone of a girl I've been holding in front of me in the light. I see a bite-mark around the shoulder close to her nape and I want to suck at it. Some wetness trailing up her neck from the nape to the side of her face is luring me back in to suck her face again.

All the women clinging to me right now. I look like a serious playa. I ogle their body-parts being hidden. Their full lips. Their amazing eyes gazing at me.

The woman to my left has dark lines outlining her lips and eyelashes. She has curls in her hair. There's a tinge of red on her face and a little too deep-red swath across near her forehead around the nose, and her cheekbone. Her eyebrows look impossibly large.

I'd chew on her face like a delicious fruit. I glance across her body and she's absolutely dynamite from her ass pressed against mine to her shoulder. Her smooth legs send my eyes streaking across until they meet another maid's face, lower than I expected to see one.

I let go of something with my left hand and my arm feels far away. I bring it in and place it on the woman's rear next to me. What it was. It felt a little smaller. I can't see around too well but I am certain I let go of one girl's ass and put it on another. That's right. Someone is there right around the corner. Her hand's stretched out into my lap.

Oh my... gosh. I don't think she minds. Her hand's busy.

I don't understand what's happening.

An officer speaks, facing the wall, "Ma'am, I'm going to ask you to get up and move away from the suspect. Sir, I'm watching you."

I don't get it, "Is she talking to me?"

The mystery woman (goddess) says, "Ignore them. But if it's a show you want... Just how much are you willing to let happen?"

Like that, the police relax from their positions and begin to move about. So do the maids.

I feel them in my lap now. They're stirring. They're rubbing their crotches.

Everyone in the library keeps glancing over now.

My prick is out thanks to my girls here. I don't know when it happened. But the fun thing is, I get to reward them all for it.

'A splendid thing to behold! The only sausage visible in the house!' could be what they're thinking if I had a guess. Enjoy the view, ladies.

I offer them a sincere smile. They shouldn't feel guilty. What I'll do to them if I get the chance.

I look down at it. It's really out there. It's not even fully engorged yet. I have intact foreskin but my cock is big enough the tips no longer hidden.

Someone new stands in front of me, behind the bunnygirl.

She's admiring me. Her eyes are dead set on my dick for a long time. I'm watching her too, in this case.

Her eyes are dancing like there's more there. Was she also checking out the women?

A young officer in hat, skirt, and uniform with a visible midriff joins us. Her breasts don't look big.

She gets down on all fours and reaches across the pile of women on me. She puts her face in my lap. That was pretty fucking aggressive.

I tried to move only to be reminded here, there are so many other girls in my lap I can't disturb.

She's feeling my cock from the base of the shaft with her lips. Next to the doll-like bunnygirl and company, she's a fully-grown woman despite her own diminutive stature. She's very slim and fit. The features of her face, except for her lips, are quite sharp. She must have had collagen injected, her DSLs are puffy.

Having taken that all in, "Fuck!" I shout. "You didn't give me a warning. You're not really police. Are you going to do what I think?" She slips her lips around and goes down for a moment and then opens her mouth letting my cock fall out while moving away.

My reaction?

So the thing is, even a gentle touch at early arousal for men can be extremely intense. In my case, having the glans rubbed like that, absolute fucking win.

"Ho-holy wow. Uh. You're really going to let me use you like that? Oh... oh... Holy shit. You're prostitutes." I breathe and moan. I didn't see it coming. "I thought you were strippers."

Her mouth comes off and she returns to the shaft.

The stimulation with all the girls rubbing my body is unbelievable.

It tickles. It's really ticklish now that she's wet my entire cock and she's going around kissing the ballsack. A pair of hands from the women at my sides are tickling my foreskin and the hair on my ballsack at as well.

My prick. I can feel it. I can feel the love and worship on my prick.

The girl on my chest is feeling my pecs and reaching up to kiss me. It's too much.

"Oh," I say. "You too?"

She's finally entered the sexual fray and the timing's so right. I help her kiss bringing my face to her.

There's something far too delicate about her looks I put my right hand on her back and feel her hair gently.

The soft hands on me. The bunnygirl's hands are so small.

The mystery woman (goddess) tells me, "Take a good look at her. Is she enjoying your cock?"

I don't know. But now that she mentioned it, I'll look. Oh she's really enjoying it. Oh she's having a blast. Holy smoke she's actually really amazing.

The woman offers, "I would join her. Do you think you want that?"

Oh. I don't think hard about that, [i]why not?[/i]

I'm already getting lambasted by sensations all over. I can't see the harm.

I laugh a little, [i]You got me[/i]. Oh that's right. I laugh and move my lips away from the woman kissing me.

"Sure, you can. Two girls together. Why not?"

She comes around and slips her face in view. She's close to the woman already sucking cock. She's really pretty.

Hold on a second.

"Oh?!" That's the goddess. Why couldn't I recognize her voice?

The foul play was meant to set me off sooner. I think she got me.

I'm between resisting and shoving my groin forward to climax. Either one, indecisive, it feels good, I flex my kegel repeatedly without much thought.

The girl on my chest puts her face against mine. We'll kiss some more. But now I'm wary what is about to happen.

I see the officer's lipstick is getting on my shaft, her face is pouting, she narrows her eyes. She's putting on the suction. Her foreskin play is elaborate and she's stroking my cock with her tongue and spreading her mouth wide so she'll grip with suction. I can see her lean neck flexing and relaxing and her body moves up and down towards the floor.

She repositions. She's on her knees and putting her weight on my knees with her hands. She can press her face down into my lap from this position easier. Is she going to start sucking the head?

Her shoulders round as her elbows go out to the side. She sticks her tongue out more often now as she relaxes licking going up the shaft.

I have to stop kissing. The bunnygirl with the dewy-lips gets in position to kiss me instead.

"Look, from this position can you see the shape of her ass?" advises the goddess, like it was a question. It's not a question.

She's right, I almost missed that. Now that the blowjob-giver's face was pressed into my lap her ass is on display. She is even leaning to let me see better.

I reach down and finger her. The cloth of her pants stain.

The goddess moves in and helps the woman. I only watch long enough to see her face nudge at my cock and their DSLs close in together.

Certian parts of me unbridle and overflow down into my loins. There's a moment of utter stupidity. "I... I'm cumming! It's cumming!" Yeah. It works like that. My abs contract hard and and unmistakable buildup of fluid lubricates my urethra before it all starts, nothing can rationally stop it.

It isn't safe. I need to cum as much as I possibly can and inside these women as deeply as I possibly can.

I'm crying out. [i]I'm trying to tell you something important. Like, I love you. It's not like you can hear me.[/i] I'm making a lot of noise though.

After the initial compulsion of total motor inflection... my legs stop shaking and I can lift my head back up to look.

I stare at the officer's face, as she works her lips around the crown of my shaft and pumps up and down drinking the solid globs. My cock's working to defeat her and outpace her but she has skill.

There's a second compulsion to gutturally moan and milk my prostate by squeezing my abs, so the thick head of my dick stretches out to some extremes into her cloying lips.

At this point my penis is flexing on its own and stopping the flow of cum between contractions.

My cock slips out and with seed spilling between them it's shared with another pair of fuckable lip pillows. The movement. There's an incredible sensation, my pelvis jerks back and forth to jackhammer into her mouth and I think I'm cumming all over again.

Her power, it's not a fluke. I'm still hard and she happily pumps her thick fucking lips over me like a candy stick. She lets go and my dick goes back to the police woman who sucks it dry.

She's cleaning every last bit, her tongue runs around.

The two of them making guttural platitudes, as well as I.

The library needs a sign on the door: "Don't feed the cock-hungry trolls."

The lip servicer comments, "It's soe-fuhkn-biiig." She's occasionally pursing her lips and teasing the tip.

She likes my big dick though. That's something.

---

My mouth is felt up by the girl closer to me exploring until we're embraced in a lip-lock again.

My dick's still hard and the officer's gulped down my sperm, still going at it.

(Post-coital orgasm. The glans of a human usually dry up and become extremely sensitive. He's got an incredible tolerance for pain. Plus there's a little magic at work.)

I put my arm down and graze the tail of my bunnygirl. Shocked, I pull my hand away. Her tuft of a tail didn't feel the way I expected. What is this woman?

The officer's lips finally crease around the crown of my dick's head and I feel something wet again, like it's slipped over, and down the urethra. She is content while blowing me, she's taking her time. I move my hips forward to encourage head and I neglect the woman I'm kissing momentarily tilting my head back.

If she'd just go all the way down, I'll shoot my load down her throat, even if it means grabbing her hair and forcing it in.

After having completed the sexual thought. The sensation fades slightly. My cock's fully engorged. She changes her style.

She's stops to tell me, "Don't forget who did this. Ok. Get a good look at me." She's talking into my nutsack and I felt a smirk from her.

She resumes licking the shaft.

Oh my god I could swear there's something on it she's trying to lick the flavor off.

"Get her some whipped cream," I say offhandedly.

I hear a can shaking and the goddess pours whipped cream across my dick for the enjoyment of her slutty new friend.

What do I say? I turn my head to the left and there's the rosy cheeked lady in lingerie. I look at her makeup lines. I say, "You give really good lip service... officer." The woman I'm looking at smiles at me.

Really, kisses and the gentle tugs of hands at my balls are the only things registering after I became swollen erect.

And the gentle laughter. The girls are laughing very coquettishly.

The servicer has a very mellow tone in her voice, "Yo. Smooth operator. Look here." I look down when there is a pause. I see she's got my cock next to her face. Her lips pursed, she's staring past my cock waiting for me to look. "Let's see if you can handle this." She takes off her top.

She's all skin below it. Small nipples. A cup. The most exciting thing about this is I can see her armpits are shaven.

Her bare back from her shoulders down to pants come in view if she leans on me now. She still has her hat on.

My dick's swinging in the wind as it's fondled. People are watching. Really attractive girls. The police are behaving casually again, besides the few glances. Of course, they could be looking at her now that she's fully upper-half naked.

Or they're staring at the goddess's ass since she's kneeling.

She has teased me to no end and drank my cum like a water faucet. It was not just an elaborate striptease. These were prostitutes. Or, I'm missing something.

(Certainly. Let me fill everyone else in. These aren't prostitutes. Think of them as his biggest fans.)

I can't believe it. "Is this real?" I ask. I don't think so. This can't be.

A hand touches my upper leg. The goddess again. She says, "It can be more. I could help. Don't you want me?" She's offering a boon. But in return she'd definitely take something of it back. How badly does she want to suck? My attention's back on the police woman.

She's trying to take off her skirt while holding her face firm against my cock. She gives up and stands.

She wiggles out of her skirt. Her hips. Her leg muscle. Her crotch are lean. Her panties slip off. I watch them catch around her calves and she steps one leg out.

Her pussy is shaven equally well as the rest of her body, then she scoops them up with the other foot and places them on the table close to her.

"Are we going to have sex?" I ask when she turns around. Not to discriminate between one orifice from another. She's done such a great job so far. "I like what I see."

Three girls stand up together and start beckoning me to as well. This is quite a welcome show of force.

The rest of the girls in my lap and on my sides relieve me of their burden.

(They've been masturbating the whole time.)

They don't stop looking at me, even once I'm standing up, towering above them, absolute stunners all around.

I get up and we move to a couch.

--

While I'm seated, someone is allowed to sit behind me and I end up sitting in a woman's lap. "Would you like a cavity search?" she asks.

I shake my head.

She offers, "You'll cum even harder if you get a prostate massage."

"No thank you," I decline.

The princess suggests, "He really wants it. Let me."

She gets down and the lip service continues with an incredibly busty woman. Her tits are too heavy on my knees not to notice. The officer whose already serviced me so well is trying to slip beside her onto the couch. The hat's still on.

I think I'm going to cum. It feels so good. The power is brimming.

"Thank fuck," I say.

Even though I feel my chances with the other women slipping away as the two cocksuckers dominate. Spreading the love around isn't an option once it's spent.

No matter how well the sexy tiny officer does her work, the goddess next to her has made her mark. The touch of their two pairs of lips is a relief and their mouths come close enough together to kiss. I have to stare not to miss if they would [i]do it[/i] while I watch.

The officer's face looks affectionate.

The goddess could be faking an orgasm. Her lips on my cock can't be that good, for [i]her[/i] pleasure, can it?

"Enjoy every last kiss. Can you feel this?" asks the officer.

Her lips gently press on the fat swollen tip. Her tongue darts out like she's licking something off. But the cream's all gone. It's all me there in her mouth.

She asks, "Are you having trouble relaxing after cumming once? Are you thinking about doing something to me? Just say it."

This makes the princess chuckle throatily. She'd just as easily suggest the same.

(Actually, after the first orgasm he's definitely relaxed. His penis muscles and abdomen have unconstricted. He'll easily ejaculate again in time. Or with some arcana in the mix.)

I'm not going to be stimulated properly unless they start jerking me off or even better. It's just a fact of nature. There must be a tightness, a stimulation worth dispensing into, or it resists.

The bunnygirl waitress is helped back into my arms. Her face is there for me again. I can't believe what I'm seeing.

The lights are a little brighter on the couch and it's like the first time I'm seeing her. I give her a hug.

"She's suspect," I'm hearing an unseen male officer with a disdainful voice. "Suspicious conduct." I hear a woman. "Question her."

There's something mischievous afoot. They're not talking into radios or walls anymore, they're saying it like a cheesy plot device.

The waitress's face flushes, clearly embarrassed.

"What's wrong?" I ask her.

She shakes her head and holds onto me.

The police don't let her stay long, "Come on. You need to be fluffed. He's getting fluffed."

I don't get it.

(Fluffing means direct stimulation by erogenous contact. It also means, getting ready for a porno shoot.)

She gets taken away to a table. She's on her hands. I see a female officer perform a search on her. The officer's pretty banger there's a garter and I can see undies the rest of her uniform beside the bare belly is standard. Her hips are thick and curvy. Under her shirt I can't see her tits but her chest is broad, it makes her look strong.

She feels the bunny suit. The girl jumps in surprise at the speedy hand movement across her ears and down her neck.

Was that really necessary?

She squeaks. Not sure why. Over reacting? (The officer grabbed her tits) 

Then her stockings, then she pats her bottom. She takes a love glove and lubricates it.

No way.

She pulls the bunnygirl's suit aside exposing her genitals.

Now way! They're going to do a cavity search on that cute girl? I can barely think about what's happening. My attention returns to he sound of a smooch and the officer-blowjob's mouth goes wide.

The goddess asks me, "What do you think? Do you want to cum like this, or do you want to have sex with the girl served for you, at the table?"

Either way I guess. I watch the search continue, the small butt of the maid. Penetration. The officer slips her finger into a cute little anus. Her fingers go down to the knuckle. The girl's tail and anus flex. Her mouth. She's showing an intense feeling on it. I can't place it. Her head falls forward as her ears wilt.

(She is experiencing degradation. She can smell. Something being put in her felt good. A mixture of involuntary pleasure and disgust.)

The search ends, the glove is out. The glove is taken off.

She kneels behind the girl who's bent over the table. The search continues! 

She leans forward and pushes her mouth against her butt and glides her tongue around and into the girl's ass.

Her hands come up and feels her suspect's vagina. She sticks her fingers in and generously rubs it while she's licking her ass.

(This is the fluffing part.)

The bunnygirl bounces wildly in her cute bunny outfit from the pleasure of such vigorous sexual molestation. The force of the fingers thrusting in lifts her body as well. The bunnygirl falls forward to her elbows. She's unable to keep it together and makes a pitiable noise.

The action of the woman stimulating her is actually pretty gentle. She's just so sensitive.

The whole time, I'm watching her from the rear while receiving a blowjob. Her head turns to look at me.

I tell them, "I think I want her most of all right now."

The lip service ends. I thought maybe there would be a conversation after but they were incredibly eager to help me make contact with this bunny.

I'm helped off the couch and guided until I'm nearly connected with her. She's still facing away with her elbows on the table, bent-over.

"Are you ready to impregnate this doe?" asks the goddess. "If so..."

I want to have sex with her. My dick wants to have sex with her. I don't think it's possible to resist.

Her top's still on. It's covering her nipples. I slip my hand into the cusp covering her. It's soft and squishy.

I knead her breasts in my hands.

She reciprocates and lets out a warbly giggle mixed with encouragement.

She holds her legs together. And after I must have gotten her good and worked up, she sticks out her ass with her tail straight flush to her back. She's become so receptive. But more to the point I can't help looking.

Her anus is pink. It's been lubed by the nice woman she met.

She has a ring of white around her oily privates. My eyes start within a concave depression nestled deep within her pelvis and excitedly dance up the landscape from her lubed up anus to her tail. It's a smooth upward slope from the unmistakably receptive to her twitching tail.

Unmistakably, her tail and tailbone are connected. There's no trick or toy. It's all her.

My hands touch her hips and her soft body moves at the tug. Tucked under all this...

The depression of her cave takes a sharp dip down below into a very inviting slit for my well-intended installation.

[i]I'm going to kill her.[/i]

I feel the tight ring of young pink flesh surrounding the tip of my penis. I'm ready to blow. It slips in and the surrounding suction at the head elicits a shocking feeling.

The doe and buck, the so-called suspects. Their privates connect. They were meant to be together.

Before I ejaculate I feel like I'm going to. I moan. Men weren't meant to hold it in so in truth there was no other option left but to fill her to the brim with every last drop.

I can't cope with the feeling. The intensity of coitus now was another level.

The girls playing with my cock didn't do this much.

It's intense. The sensation was like getting cut. Like there's a dull fork, a chopstick point, or a pin running over my skin and I cry out in pain.

We were helped together. I want to do more, my instinct to finish in her is strong. I can't believe this unbearable pain.

I'm staring at her tail. Her ass, her glutes are flexing and it's jerking her butt upwards.

[i]Bitch![/i]

Her little tight anus is in view and her ass is moving. Her ring below's squeezing around me in quick succession to the pulses of her movement. She's gradually picking up the pace and testing the length of my cock.

"No!" I yell with my mouth almost closed. Between clenched teeth.

I bring my hands down to her hips and squeeze them. It's all I can manage right now. She's getting onto her toes and dragging out across the length of my dick and letting it fall back down slapping into my crotch.

[i]Urrrrgn[/i] "huu!" I felt something release. My nethers relax and unhinge. I think. Yes. This is now very relaxing. "Fucking, so good."

(His state of arousal changed.)

"I'm not going to be able to stop myself," I warn her.

I'm dead serious. This feels too good. If she could rub my cock more.

Well, she was escalating. "That's really good." Is she having an orgasm?

"Suuuhm guud," she moans, agreeable.

I slap her ass cheeks and I freeze. The ripple of her ass and twitch of her insides. It's suddenly impossible to move.

[i]Don't fucking stop.[/i]

Her tight flesh constricts around me repeatedly milking my cock.

"Uhhhh..." I repeat this totally pointless moan to convey my deeply profound view of the world right now.

"She's happy. Give her all your cum," the goddess tells me. Then she lets out a squeal.

(She can sense a lot of what's happening.)

I could be her master. I could be her mate. I moan.

"That's right. Tell her. You own this doe now. Do whatever you want," the goddess titillates me even while I'm... even moaning. "Do. Everything." She emphasizes.

The doe agrees, "Please enjoy my body." She gives vigorous encouragement and moans the most vulgar sounds possible.

[i]Impregnate her, fast, hurry. Feed off her energy.[/i]

Something spills on my leg.

(She's thinking about having children and boys she crushed on and her inner world of possibilities that she felt strongly about. He can be the next big thing.)

She breathes faster and has a cute orgasm, making her stop moving. She screams and that part of her body getting filled palpitates as an incredible speed. She presses out her anus and shoves her cunt down trying to milk my dick.

I grab her and hold her body against mine. I feel her whole body vibrating. Her tits were between my fingers at first. I hear her scream in delight at the change.

I pump my cock in and out of her and I...


No. This isn't how I have sex. I put my hand around her mouth. It's like... This? I feel her nose and work my finger into her mouth.

I'm still in her. She's loving this. To encourage me, she has to cry in grunts through my fingers.

I put the hand lower feeling her thin neck. That's disgusting. I feel her thin body, and my hand unleash her tits. My abs contract once.

It's like this. I reposition my hand on her face grabbing her skull. I'm trying to shove a finger down her throat to make her gag.

(Rabbits don't gag though.)

I'll cum in her while forcing her to submit. "Do you like this little slut?!"

She's yelling "yes yes.." while I ruin her. She's not really fighting at all. Bunnies are fuck freaks.

I get a glimpse of her tits flopped out and her spit trailing. She shoves her tongue up out against my fingers. It must be uncomfortable having my fingers down her throat.

I only feel relief. Whatever force made me do this. It subsides.

I must have cum inside her.

(Pause here. Jerk off. Come back.)

---

The police grab me and the woman I just violated is free. 

She is taken out of the circle, dazed and confused with the feeling of a man still inside her.

She looks back wanting. It was magical. She felt a connection as much as I.

The goddess speaks up, "Are you ok with this?"

Am I? [i]Am I letting her get away? She was in my arms. I could taste her with my nuts pressed into her clit. She's mine.[/i]

"No. Don't let her go. I haven't finished."

"You have to be more careful," she tells me. "What was it that made you attracted to her?"

"Those dewy lips. Those generous tits. I don't want to be touched by the police," I add.

Illmuire smiles. And this fucked up version of reality gives into her will.

The princess looks agreeable and nods. She asks, "What do you want? Were you trying to do something to her? Were you thinking of me at all?"

What was I trying to do? I was supposed to impregnate the doe.

(And the next time, you will.)

The naked woman with such a great record of lip service, the bunnygirl, and the goddess return to my front presenting their tits to me.

The women who played with my dick are all prepared to continue pleasuring.There are half a dozen, and one who is standing out of sight still. I can only handle three at a time. There are a few on the sideline waiting for approval as well that haven't even come close enough to touch me yet.

I take the woman with rouge and have her go in place of the goddess.

I inform the goddess, "With you there, there's no competition. You understand." She nods approval and there's a glint in her eye.

The officer says, "Get on the couch and we'll take turns until you cum inside one of us."

(Naha that's not the story. From this point on. They will reciprocate to force. Submission. He's going to dominate them and violate their senses. Isn't that right? Hero.)

I hear handcuffs. "This is what you want," says the goddess in a sultry matter-of-factitude. She's breathing a little harder, I know she's turned on, but she's not even one of the girl's I'll be screwing so why is it?

All three women I selected are clasped in handcuffs.

What the fuck?

With their arms behind their backs, their fronts are easily being held out. Men hold the lingerie model and the bunnygirl. A woman's holding the naked-but-her-hat woman.

All three are brought to the couch. The view is unbelievably amazing.

And put face down, ass in view. If I have to stare at their asses all day considering them I will.

They don't ride me. They will be ridden. They don't blow me, I want to stick my face in their pussies.

I don't really think I've seen them properly before now. I take them in by sight once again. Now, only now, they are truly women. Only now I can appreciate what's been granted before me. There's no greater height than this feeling. There's not a pillar on Earth higher than this. I lie to myself.

The first thing I notice is...

The bunnygirl's tits are big enough to touch the floor. She is so short her head is tilted back with her chin on the seat's edge.

Uncomfortable.

She's 'cute' holy shit what a bangable little slut cute. And with the lighting I can appreciate her stockings clinging to her thighs more.

She presses her chin into the cushion and her face squishes.

'Buncomfortable.'

I swear. I'll cum inside her.

Did I. Already? Have I cum yet? My penis is tingling in displeasure.

The police officer, the bunnygirl, the maid in a dark red shiny lingerie...

I stare at the taller woman. Her body's a good shape. I stroke her back and feel her garment.

Without needing invitation the goddess removes the panties from the model. There's a butt with a pinched anus like a dry muscle quaintly on display.

Her panties slip off. Her pussy is inviting, flexing. I can't help imagine what it's going to feel like now.

She helps the model's tits out and they hit the floor. Another fully loaded woman has her missiles deployed. I'd be sunk if this weren't more of a ballast reduction. My dick's surfacing hard and rapidly.

I love staring at their asses while anticipating the penetration.

I pull up the model's sheer skirt, and pull down her leggings exposing more of her leg. My face is closer now. There it is, a receptacle of dreams, and below it, a pheromonal honeypot dripping with suds and cream.

She doesn't hesitate and moves her butt slightly to entice.

No, I can resist. I bring a hand down leaving a bristling red mark on her rear. Even with this, even when my dick gets fully erect staring at this, I can resist.

I return to the doe.

Thanks to her intense coital embrace, I have the bunnygirl's pheromones on my cock.

She's bent over like that, her tail is tilting up and a flag of white excitement pierces my gaze. How can I resist? I put my fingers in. I'm fired up after ogling the model. I know what to do.

"Move around, I need the officer in the middle."

And before I get started. I want to prepare myself.

Done. Left to right: Model, female officer, bunnygirl.

I take a look. Her toned ass and backside. She's plain. Next to the other two.

I want to see what kind of mess I can make from her. I'm absolutely fired up.

I put my cock in the officer with her face planted in the cushion. She only has a few seconds of recognition that something is starting. She moves her body. A wave of helpless reciprocation and release. I can't think. I need to...

I put my fingers in the girls on my left and my right side. With their generous tits in my peripheral and the heat of their cunts against my fingers, I'm in heaven.

I feel the tingle of pain wash away. The itch is being scratched. I can't stand it, erections help, and stimulation of my penis. Dampness and wet places correct the dry skin up inside. The circumstances of arousal lessen my discomfort at times. I finally cum, and it's like chomping down on her.

The officer lets out a sigh, a moan, and then a high-pitched cry.

She yells, "He! His dick's hot. You came! You came inside me?! Oh! Oh, you're stretching me out even more. Ooohoho-ii." She was unprepared.

I had a long taxi-ride over. Pent-up stress exiting me went straight into her.

I look at her bound up wrists while she complains. She can't do anything. The tits on either side of me are moving. Does her crying turn them on? They're enjoying hearing her squeal just as much as I. My fingers are wet, my wet ballsack is pressed against her. I can massage the pussies even more and my thumbs are right there stimulating their anuses.

[i]Right now. I can twist my fingers.[/i]

Right now I think anyone seeing this would wish death upon me.

This is a really, really, awesome feeling. It's like I'm hooked into a power like no other. What should I do with so much power running through my fingers and cock?

I'm still cumming.

The girl is like a cake I'm eating after being starved. Her insides are being coated by hot frosting one pump after the next as I take ball-aching bites out.

I want to eat my cake. I lean forward and then I see my fingers are being held at the wrong angle.

"Stop cumming. I can't take it. Your fat head is stuck! Aaaaahh!" she yells.

She can do nothing except remain till the end.

[i]I'm so happy.[/i]

I tell the other two, "Get onto the couch so I can see your asses better." They get on and I can see their under-boobs. I can see them hoping for their turn soon. I have to do.

[i]Yes do.[/i]

While my fingers are no longer lodged inside I lean and bite the officer's neck while covering her mouth. I do it viciously and squeeze her mouth covering her nose.

[i]Bitch you don't suck my cock and get away with it bitch I'll fuck your life.[/i]

(This hurts her. At first she jerks her shoulder then her face contorts. Then she tries screaming into the cushion. She loses consciousness crying into a death-like sleep.)

After the contractions of my pelvic floor slows down, the tip of my dick shrinks. Her wet mound at her crotch is frothing. There are some quiet whistles when my excess cum escapes her. I pull out.

I've punctured her privates. She's spilling out.

I might have killed her. Her oozing cunt runs white and a bloody mark on her shoulder tells the story.

Guilty. And turned on. I'm invigorated.

I can do [i]that[/i]?

She's still breathing, for now. A little antiseptic will do wonders.

I see her butthole. Wow. Great pussy there too. What an amazing woman. I can't help imagining using her completely.

I'll tell her I'm in love, it's a creampie sort of love, "I really enjoyed it. Really. I came so much. It's because you're so beautiful. We can do it again anytime. For now, I need to be fair."

===

One on the left. And one on the right. Amazing women, ready for me.

There's a fourth woman close on the couch. Not the princess. The one who wanted to touch my butt.

I take a look at my penis. I came and it's still hard. I touch my ballsack, wet from girlcum.

I ask, "Can we make this any better?"

The bestower say, "Certainly. Surprise."

I feel an oncoming erection. It's pumping up a little at a time like an immature prick.

"Do you like it?" she asks.

I don't understand. I just came. I can't possibly have an erection, while refracting from an orgasm...

"What is this?" I ask.

My penis is long. [i]That is NOT my penis.[/i]

My penis is [i]hard[/i].

I feel an erection. Am I going crazy or is that? I have to ask, "Is that a [i]second[/i] penis?"

Gemini penises. There's something else.

[i]My penises are ribbed.[/i]

There's something wrong.

My penises are thrumming, they're humming, I can [i]hear[/i] them.

One is letting out a low, fierce growl, and the other is like a bulb electrically virring.

"What is going on?" I plead for an answer.

That feeling is back. My erections, are both so incredibly uncomfortable. I need to masturbate. My hands grasp them and what I couldn't see about them now becomes so fucking obvious.

"It's called diphallia," I'm informed by the muse. Well that's just great.

More importantly the vibrating cocks are pulsating and contracting forcing my hands open even as I grasp at them.

"What in the fuck are these?"

My energy is returning. I lock my gaze to the women. I'm really horny.

I think something's escaping the tip of my penis, but then there are two of them?!? So either one's on the verge of climax.

I can't focus anymore.

I'm vaguely aware the cops are fingering women behind me.

I take the bunnygirl by her hips and get on my knees. I feel under the hood. She's incredibly wet. I work my way into her with my finger and stare at her anus.

It's beautiful.

"Oh fuck this." My two brand-new brains are ready to take over. "Do you want to see what's going inside you? You lucky little... girl." That slipped out. I'm painfully aware of how small she is.

[i]I'm about to ruin it.[/i]

She looks and she seems to recognize a certain danger. Her cervix reorients, leaking, and her ass twitches, faster faster. If she wasn't expecting anal sex before she was now. I can't imagine what's going through her head. Her glutes twitch and I think she's getting into it. Is she having an orgasm? She's ovulating so incredibly much.

"I'm going to use your ass. Ok?" I tell her. Dumbly. [i]No shit, ok?[/i] I pull her closer and she reaches with her mouth and laps at the heads of both cocks.

"We have to question them together," the police say.

These are my girls. Stay away.

I let the bunnygirl play with my cocks. I slap her ass. I slip a hand under her left tit.

We need to get it on already.

I tell her, "It's time we finish." I let her rest back in the couch face to the back-cushion.

I have a chance to see from this bent-over position her anus and cunt are both propped up and striking out at the ready for me. Lubricated as they were before.

I touch my cocks with my hands to get them in position. I try working them one at a time. Resistance.

I finger her ass and push against her lower lips with the thick growling cock that sputters as it gets creased into her. Fucking finally.

The thrumming dick above is vibing her anus and after catching it I shove my palm against the head and lean in to encourage the restless fucking thing inside.

"A little help," I say.

She wiggles her butt.

"No. Not like that. Can you spread more?"

She's enjoying the first penis too much to care. I grab both sides of her ass and pull her anus open. I just need to get inside.

My penises grind into her and slip in. They grind to a halt as she contracts around. She lets out a belated yelp.

"I understand," I say. I understand there's something extremely out of the ordinary about my new, diphallic cocks. I know they're not supposed to vibrate, I know they're not supposed to move so much on their own or make hissing noises, or thrum like a guitar chord, or ejaculate boiling precum, but they fucking do. "Now I'll cook you from the inside-out."

I pinch the fat of her ass. I've never felt so good.

I have to try [i]that[/i].

I spank her ass cheeks and grind them around. Her welcoming embrace slips around inside.

(Here's a little insight into what she's thinking. Penis goes brrrr.)

I feel a wave of pleasure and I'm not sure if it's ever going to stop, or which of my cocks is cumming. Ejaculate exits her pussy with a hiss and she starts moaning.

Her knees buck and her ass works around my upper phallus. Her motor from before has restarted. She'll finish sooner than I can, this time, I'm absolutely certain.

She picks up the pace and her ass is practically jackhammering me. She starts yelling and a scratchy voice as she forces her own anal intercourse.

"Cum baby cum. Hurry," she says.

I remind her, "You're all tied up." Then I have that urge again. I'm going to cum in some strange new disgusting way. I have to finish my way. "You're all tied up. Scream if you want."

I put my weight on her. She's so small. I plant a kiss on her shoulder and move into her neck. My hand scoops up her big tits and I embrace her.

She keeps moving while I'm upping the intensity. She decreases the distance and relies on her contracting kegels more. She returns to moaning.

"You came?" I ask.

I plant a kiss on her neck and bare my teeth.

Her soft skin lets my teeth sink in and she screams. Her skin is loose and easily fits in my mouth. I need to cum, now.

I move on instinct. I grab her face and put my weight on her forcing her stomach into her knees.

[i]Like the officer I'm going to destroy this woman.[/i]

I'm crushing her. I put my arms on her head in a sleeper hold.

I push all the way in and I swear I'll cum into her ass.

OH!

Well. I don't care. Anymore, I can't stop, "I'm cumming." Something's definitely happening. But there's a good ten agonizing seconds of contorting muscle contractions before I hear fwooosh!

Well then!

My full attention is on the part of me doing [i]that[/i].

She reacts like I slapped her. As I cum she starts trying to stand up and holds her shoulder up to protect her chest. She slaps her soft little hand backwards to stop me. This brings my attention to her wriggling tail.

I'm doing it inside her. This is just how I want it now.

There's an audible gurgling as bubbles escape her insides. A cool sensation washes over my crotch as she douses my flames in her own girlcum. But the one in her ass continues pulsating and vibrating.

She squeals and writhes from the pleasure.

Her tight little cunt relaxes and I feel both cocks bottom out as her weight shifted up high enough to come down on them. She re-catches them after slipping. Her contractions firmly massage the base as my nuts and prostate empty. With her glutes twitching and her legs twitching, her cunt and anal give a good last ditch effort to milk every last drop.

I realize I'm gripping her as hard as I can squeezing her into me. I loosen my grip. She gets back on her front again and rests.

After I pull out I feel her pussy with my fingers. She reacts so I finger her to climax. Then I spank her clit.

I really like this girl. I lean close to her and whisper, "I bet you've never been fucked so well in your life."

"Are you still horny?" asks the goddess, "You want to use me too?"

I can't. It's not possible. "I'm tired," I tell her. My eyes rest on the model on the left side. "Unless. My energy returns like before?"

"You're such a monster. You get off abusing the women who'd have sex with you."

What? I look at the aftermath. What have I done?

(The hero's about to have a memory lapse. This is too much of a burden on him.)

(His sins will wash away and he'll be able to indulge like he's never felt it before. It will happen again, and again, until he's learned his lesson. We are eternal.)

--




Where am I?

I turn around and see what's been happening.

Women are lined up next to tables and bookshelves.

They're dressed like maids, anime-inspired costumes. They look like little girls.

"What is this place?"

The women are handcuffed. They're tied up. They're tied down. They're tied onto things.

They're being molested. They're being provoked verbally.

Police. [i]Pigs.[/i]

The women getting bound have torn clothes. Fingers are up their asses. Spankings. Handcuffs. Gags.

"I want to do that too," I say.

Why am I like this?

My hand creases the generous swell of someone... I know intimately.

The officer on the couch takes my arm. She doesn't say anything and hands me handcuffs. She pushes out her chest and sticks her ass out. I think she's offering.

I notice ribbons on her.

I turn to see the princess, she says something [i]arcane[/i]. I feel invigorated.

"Did you just do something?" I ask. She shrugs and her generous tits move me.

The princess tells me, "That woman's a lieutenant. It's just a costume. This is just a little play. Enjoy.

"If you get her naked, you won't be disappointed. She's the commander. Think of it as foreshadowing."

"What do you mean?" I ask.

She smiles. She nods. "It's ok if I tell you. You should try to get in bed with the most powerful."

The most powerful. But that's. I tell her outright, "You want me to have sex with [i]you[/i]. You are such a fucking bitch! I hate you. Why are you trying to control me?"

She shakes her head. I don't care.

The lieutenant tries to get my attention tugging at my arm. She has on a dark blue shirt. She has ribbons, her badge is fancier. Her shirt's unbuttoned enough that her center cleavage is visible.

"Hey," she says. "Look. You're not the only man here. Do what you have to." She motions her head.

I see one of the men prodding a short girl in a sailor suit directly with his penis. For some reason this makes me madder.

"I want all these women to myself."

"That's not real," says the princess. "You know most of these women aren't virgins... uh." She begins a wan motion and expression and tries to hold it back.

As she does that.

"Oh no. Besides," she continues, "you haven't planted your seed in this one yet. Just how many women do you think you can handle if you aren't done with the first three being offered to you?"

I'm upset enough I stop talking to her. She's right.

I forget the foreplay and put my lower cock into the model.

It fucking bites her and spits with little teeth and a mouth! It's hissing. She lets out a scream.

[i]This is wrong.[/i] Even though I think that she lets a high pitched moan grace my ears.

Her beautiful wet pussy takes it in and the fat ribbing slips into her tight sheath.

Her inner folds squeeze. My lower half is letting it all go. This is a new sensation. "Will you have a baby? This is how babies get made." I say that but... I don't care.

We have sex for some time and the grip she has massages my knob so well.

My orgasm starts and it feels wrong. It feels really... "This is better than anything. I didn't think it could get any better. Oh damn..."

[i]Let's hurt her together.[/i]

I pump in and out of her and she rails.

"What are you crying for?" I say.

"My fucking pussy. You... you're breaking my fucking pussy," she cries. Oh she cries.

Her lower half pulls away but not far enough. While I'm cumming in such a fine lady, I push back in to fill her completely. I press my upper cock down into the crack of her ass and grind out an assjob.

She bends over more sticking her ass upwards.

"That's good. Can I stick it in?" Oh maybe not.

My lower prick slips out and I shiver. Her alluring slit has another visitor ready.

I stick my upper dick in and I press my lips inward anticipating and bite them slipping it down. Each knob of the ribbing slips past the entrance with an audible plop.

I have a better view of my upper shaft. After a few minutes, my lower cock re-chambers a round and it wants to cum again. The stiff prick presses into her clit and it bites her playfully bringing her to an orgasm.

Fuck, I want to bite her clit, why does my dick get to? I can't pull out, she's grabbing me to hard.

"That's really good," I say. "Drink up all my cum."

The sperm dispensing in her flows out and onto her lingerie. I feel my lower cock dripping. Somehow I need to release it in her as well.

"My balls, oh. My balls. I have to cum."

"Does it hurt?" asks the lieutenant.

It's still cumming. I look at her. It's just a crack of her breasts but it's the best thing I know.

I tell her, "I want to feel those tits."

She gives a tilt of her head forward and looks down.

What's there?

This woman. I reach down and feel the woman below. "Woah. These are pretty big." Soft and inviting love balloons. I want to [i]squeeze[/i] them [i]around my dick.[/i] I lift and separate and precum inside her.

The commander coquettishly murmurs approval, and so does the woman I'm fondling. This sets off a chain of murmurs and giggling behind me.

My cocks relax, and she thrusts her ass up from something happening inside her.

(His pricks are lively and quite capable of stimulating her in other ways besides vibrating.)

I feel an orgasm's onset. I grip her. Yes I grab her tits, my arms slip down under them into a bear-hug and I hold her up. She's taller than the previous woman. But not very.

I bite her neck in view of the lieutenant and the vocalizing from the surrounding women turns from coquettish to shocked squealing.

[i]Do they know what pain is?[/i] I hold still to let them see. This could be [i]you[/i].

I cum inside her and open, still watching the women watching me. Her blood-stained neck suggests I broke skin, I let go. She lands on her elbows, her tits soften the fall and spread out.

The police woman had her boobs out and she was staring at what I just did. I reach over and give her a squeeze.

"How about it?" I ask.

(This is another good time to take a break. I'm feeding the hero power directly. As long as he doesn't have a change of heart.)

--

"I want a titjob. And there are four pairs of tits big enough to get it done. But which one?" I muse aloud.

I didn't know what would happen but my dicks re-energize.

Fuck yeah. I have a lot of energy.

My dicks glow red and blue.

I sit down between the boobalicious girls and hold the one in handcuffs against my side. "Gorgeous bunny. Come crease my dick with those gorgeous titties."

She works her way of the couch handcuffed and leans forward letting her tits fall into my lap. It certainly is a view. And now her face and valley is lit up like, like...?

I want more. I feel great. "I have a bomb! It's about to explode!" I yell at the top of my lungs.

The flat-chested cop presses against me and so does the lieutenant. It's like I summoned them. Now we're talking. Both their bare chests are free touching me. I'm groping the model in lingerie with my left hand while receiving a titjob. My ballsack's in there along with my two glowing dicks.

"See that dick near your face." It's blue. "Put those pretty lips on it. I want to fuck the back of your throat."

This elicits a very blank look from the bunnygirl but she slowly comes forward.

How am I here?

There's a woman with pointed features on her face to my left. Her collar bone's sticking out. She's naked except she's wearing a hat.

I can feel generous tits working to soothe my erection.

"Hoooo!"

I let loose white sperm covering her neck and flooding her valley of sensual flesh.

"Oh fuck. It was too fast."

Another contraction shuts me up. Again? It's going to blow. My dick has become a bomb!

The officer on my right has soft face features but prominent cheekbones. She presses her tits close to the bunnygirl's face as she orally services me.

It gets on her. They're becoming a mess. I haven't even played with the commander at all.

I see a cock pass between them. I just came. That one's red. Whose penis is that? Mine has the blue glow.

This is fucking stupid.

I'm rocked by an orgasm and a second pair of tits are covered.

"Oh my fucking god. Stop."

(No.)

I'm feeling two pairs of tits slipping my burning horny dicks so fucking badly. They improbably stiffen for more vigorous intercourse.

Someone's hand is feeling my testicles. 

The bunnygirl's mouth slips around her meaty energized snack and glowing cum squirts out her cleft and her cheeks puff. She sticks out her tongue and tightly closes her eyes as the paste rains down covering her. With it in her mouth I can see down her throat.

My cock rests under her chin like it's glued to her. "Wow so much," she says and admires how much is on her tits. That's only half of it, the rest is making her face look like putty. Her tongue darts out and she proceeds to clean my cock. Her face is so nasty.

(She's trying to claim it all to herself now.)

The princess tells her, "Be a good girl and share ok? This gift is for everyone."

One of the admirers says, "Is he going to be able to keep going? Wow."

The lieutenant stops using her tits and leans back. There's a lot of saliva coating them from that red cock.

--

The admirer comes forward. Short.

(He held her in his arms before.)

She's adorable! I tell her, "You look like a real toy. Is it ok for me to fuck with a girl so cute? Did we meet earlier?"

She's nodding in approval and offering her womanhood.

We try connecting. She's facing me. She changes her mind. She's able to seat herself between both my cocks and ride bare between them like a saddle.

I'm getting an assjob out of it. It's good enough she'll finish me. She turns one-eighty' and her ass is pointed at me. It's good enough she'll finish me!

"Do you want to be my toy bunny? Are you my little slutty bunny?" She's a dynamite bunnygirl. Really small.

"I can't take it!" she cries.

I think she's overreacting to a little assjob... for her part. I'm actually quite riveted. I want to shoot off all over and spread it around on her.

I hear murmurs.

(Aside. What's he going to do to her? His cocks will ruin her.)

I have to help her reorient properly and put my cocks inside. She jerks away and I cum all over her privates. Someone's there to guide us back together.

I feel a snag.

"Eii!" she squeals at the same time I'm feeling it.

Each failing thrust grinding into her nethers is making her head rock. Her pussy's too sensitive to even reach orgasm before she gets up again shaking.

I see, the lower cock grabbed her in a sensitive spot. That must have been difficult to handle.

"You're amazingly cute," I offer.

[i]Fuck her.[/i]

I put my arms around her and bring her back. She won't fight.

Both cocks find their way in.

"Good job," I tell them. "Now let's be gentle. Ok?"

"Ok," she says.

[i]I wasn't talking to you.[/i]

Her sphincter relaxes and gradually slip down—

"Oh god! Oh it's hot. Ohh it's cold. OOoooaah! No no bad dick bad. It just moved it just stung me it's. Huahah. Owww. Ow my ass is unnnn that's good! Yeas I love that the one in my ass is good! The one in my pussy is bad! Make it nicer!"

—as she beautifully cries certain explicit descriptions of the sensation of her body conjoining with mine. I bottom out.

I'm glad she really likes it.

I start sucking on her neck (gently).

[i]Fuck her harder.[/i]

I slip a finger into her top and feel her nipples in my hands. Her tits are pretty umf! My fingers depress them.

I reach inside and  wrap my fingers around her tits. My pinkies touch her chest. I wrap my index and thumb around the mid-point and pinch around them.

Get ready to be milked!

My dicks pulse like horny bongo drums.

I am trying really really hard to do something lewd here. I dry orgasm while squeezing her tits. I clench my ass and push through it but I moan into her ear for a good solid minute until the sensation is almost bearable.

She's stunned by the feeling and I enjoy her body while snacking on her. I'm licking her face.

I'll try again.

I suggest, "Let's try sitting on the edge of the couch ok?"

She can't stand up from my lap. Her legs swing off the side of the couch. It'll be even stranger if I tried to lean. Well. Maybe.

I squat over the side, no longer seated, and she's able to stand. We have sex standing up.

She leans forward.

"How about you get on the couch anyways?" I suggest.

I pump her watching her anus stretch and her ass gape.

[i]Do more.[/i]

I squeeze her tits. She's not lactating but I have a greedy pleasure squishing her soft boobs and I bounce them in my hands.

"Hey," says the princess. "Her tits aren't as big as some of ours. Why are you having so much fun with them?"

"Did you just do something to me?" I ask her. "Because. I don't hear you."

I slap the little woman on her butt. I focus on her hips and grind while screwing her. She's having an orgasm. I can feel one of my own.

I put my arms around her and push through it.

She's totally worn out. I lean back and enjoy the view of her ass connected with me as she slips off gradually. I can see in her gaping ass full of glowing blue cum that billows out. Both her insert points. Pinkish energy emanates from the cum exiting her vagina.

I bring my hand down slapping her ass. I want her to remember it just as well as I do.

"Does anyone have a camera?" I ask.

Someone hands me a camera.

I'm such a fucking asshole. I say, "I don't know how to use it."

"Just point at stuff it'll do the rest," I'm told by the princess.

---

The scenario was exquisitely indecent. Fantasy. It was almost believable.

Now it becomes pornographic.

I sit back on the couch where I was.

I need to take it all in again. I'm holding a camera now. I snap photos of the women coming to me.

A sailor suit anime schoolgirl and bunnygirl, two brunettes dote on me. The woman in lingerie and officer on my left are getting involved now so I look to them. I'm mesmerized by the beauty of it.

I don't know photography so I click it while pointing in the general direction.

I see the bunnygirl's face features are pointed. Her jaw's angular and the crease of her cheekbone close to her nose is there. She keeps an upper-lip tuck.

"Hi. You're really cute. Are you an Asian bunny?"

She shakes her head. She says, "I'm Puerto Rican."

The schoolgirl says, "I'm South African."

They slips their tops up and my two throbbing cocks are in their hands.

Nice and hard, they slip the skin around. It's a nice relaxing handjob.

"Can I cum in your mouths?"

They smile and coquettishly, they offer their tongues slowly. They take a look at each other. The lick their lips while feeling my cock with their hands.

"Woah. Did you practice?" I ask. I'm clicking a camera with one hand. I doubt any of the pictures will make it. So forget it.

(Alright let's take the camera away. This was the wrong time for it.)

The princess is offering to take it. I let her.

"Ooh," they say. "I don't know if we can. How about we do it?" They stand up.

They are doubling up. "Oh shit," I tell them.

I hold the one I can see. My hands touch her butt. They slip up her hip and pull her skirt up until she's sitting. The schoolgirl's tits are in my face. She's propping herself with my upper prick getting it in.

I reach past and feel the hips of the Puerto Rican bunnygirl sliding back. I'm in her. She starts bucking. I didn't expect her to be a real bunny like the one before! Her ass picks up the pace and flexes her glutes. I'm going to cum before the sailor-suit girl's taken me from her position.

They're able to ride a cock each.

(Hang on.)

The princess waves the camera. It's digital so she then plays the video on loop and shows it to me.

"Well that's..."

Their butts are pressed together. "Ooh, that's good," I encourage this. "That's really good."

They climax and the princess records it. Then she shows me.

"Fucking hot damn!" I tell her.

While watching, one of my dicks go off.

It makes the other one ready and the princess records the payload. I feel like I'm creaming them really good.

What she shows me is an indescribably satisfying image.

They do this multiple times.

There's some magic happening I know it, I just saw it on film. I can't see from this angle. Too bad.

I hear their asses slapping together as they're brought to orgasm covered by glowing fluid and my own ecstatically ejaculating cocks.

The princess records this aftermath and shows me. It's like it's second nature to her.

I somehow managed to endure.

---

They get up. The school girl gives me a gentle touch with her fingers as she leaves.

"Is it over? I have so much more love to give!"

"It's not over," says the lieutenant.

Her tits are out. She pulls her skirt up and she presents her ass to me. She hooks a right index finger into the panties and yanks aside.

Oh. That's it. That's the stuff.

It's really bumpy, shaven, I think it's soft and it's pretty well tucked in there.

Her vagina's pretty tight looking like her leg muscles are crowding a little but it's not vanishing. She must play with it. It's already wet from all this excitement.

She puts it on my face.

She's face-sitting me while stroking my cocks. I'm already hard enough. The stuff is getting on her hands.

Her butt's dry so I let my saliva come out onto the edges surrounding it. I don't like her [i]enough[/i] to risk anything there. Besides, don't they have lubricant?

[i]That should be enough.[/i]

I tell her, "Lube your butt. I'm going to seriously fuck your ass now."

I push her away and she stands up. She fingers her butt rubbing in the spit and the cum on her hand. She repositions ass-first.

She gets on and slips my blue upper-cock in her cunt so I can see her ass as she works it.

I see a girl come closer. She kneels to give her cunnilingus.

(He didn't see much. The girl will be shown to him on a video screen soon enough.)

She cups my balls. Instead. I feel a squeeze. I want to shove my cock upwards and cum. I push my hips in.

[i]Come on. I'm ready for it.[/i]

My lower member is enveloped and tongue runs around it. The thing is, I can't tell which of my dicks is going to blow.

The model in lingerie turns to face me and her tits get in my face. She climbs up and silently negotiates her position.

She's in my lap too now. I feel my cocks slip out of their orifices.

I feel one go in, and the model slips back. That's definitely hers.

There's another penetration out of view. That's a pussy?

(That's a pussy.)

Model and lieutenant are ass-to-ass riding me. My cock out of view is in a mystery hole.

"Can I see that?" I ask the princess.

She shakes her head.

The princess is doing some camera work.

They only needed to slip in my cocks and put the squeeze on.

With big tits in my face, my hands find themselves occupied.

What is going on?

They're big. I have this big milky looking tits. The woman was all dressed for fucking. Is she my girlfriend?

We're having sex.

It feels good. The stress is melting out of me. There's a grip massaging and stroking and pulling me up into my sensitive place.

Oh wow. I narrow down on her nipple.

[i]I want to fuck her tits. She's pretty good though.[/i]

She has good tits. I'm playing with her nipples watching them stiffen. 

## more elaborate nipple play
## her tits are swinging in his face before this, what's it like having something rub on your face?

She must have noticed my fixation had gone wild about now.

She leans to one side to let me. So I suck at her.

"This is so fun. You better treat me like that. Who's going to ride next?" says princess.

[i]I'm not some kind of cum dispensing dildo—[/i] at the sight of my cum spilling out of the model I change my mind.

I don't care.

[i]Let them come.[/i]

---###

The lieutenant's still on me but not currently having sex with me. What's up?

A woman comes around to me wearing white lingerie. A little stylized. She has a sort-of petite face on a thin and tall frame.

She's not advancing. She's next to me watching.

"Hi there. Are you going to join me?" I ask.

The princess offers me the video camera. There's a scene I can't quite figure out at first.

The camera moves back slightly and I see the lingerie model with huge tits. Three women are sitting on one body engulfing it in their sensual thick curves.

The woman in white lingerie's pussy overflows red glowing liquid and the model's erupts blue.

I only recognize the face and those huge tits from the model. It's pretty hot.

"What's this?" I ask.

The princess giggles and puts the camera down. She walks away.

The lieutenant slips forward and then starts fucking me. I see my dick's only touching her butt though. I try to get a better look.

The woman in white lingerie takes point. She's above my cock and I see red energy dripping out of her. She puts it in and sighs and moans immediately, then gradually slides down.

She doesn't look happy but in a second she throws her head back and climaxes. I'm feeling something just as powerful about this.

I grope her hips and thighs and ass. I cum with a sound of percussion and the lieutenant groans and stands up.

The maid's still fucking me and she climaxes again. I cum inside her and she squeals, a strand of globby cum exits her and its bluish energy.

I'm feeling peckish so I pull down her bra and suck her tits. I admire their shape just long enough to figure out how wide I should open my mouth. Then I slurp around the areolae and lick at her.

I switch to the other. My hands grope at her. She might be a B-cup.

[i]I bet I could eat this woman.[/i]

There's no urgency to screw her any harder than she already is. I think, it's time she get a rest.

"You were fucking me on camera, take a break. I recognize your face now."

I pick up the camera and watch her on the playback. Is she alright? I don't care.

---

Women in uniform come. They have amazingly smooth skin, lotioned and oily smooth faces and there necks. They hide their eyes. I'm trying to get a better look.

They're about as gentle as any of the maids have been.

A girthy woman's taken the angry dick and begins petting it like it's a cat. Her hand wraps around now and and strokes down.

Understandably, the thing's got a mind of its own. It begins to reciprocate and calm down before acting like a normal penis.

Her hand's dry at first.

I see a bottle come out. Her hand's lotioned and she repeats.

The woman smiles and plays with the mouth. Slipping her fingers around the glans she separates the foreskin and gets the lotion under. She's taken quite a liking to it, I can see on her face. She palms the base of my cock with one hand and her finger strokes over the lips at the tip of my penis and sends a shock up my spine.

She unbuttons her blouse revealing her restrained tits. Then she undoes the bra from the front. This is quite nice to look at.

She goes down and sucks at the cock. Her lips move over the head. She does it very gently and her tongue's not very well engaged only occasionally I feel her lick the ridge under the shaft. Her hat gets in the way of me fully enjoying the view.

She brings her hand up to feel my thrumming penis. It vibrates quickly so she takes her hand away like it tickled her.

A thin officer gets behind her and reaches over to begin servicing my blue cock. She somehow endures. She has a similar motif now, hiding her face. I stare at her belly button as my phalli are massaged to a blissful state.

I look around now that I've gotten used to it. Maids. Police women. Naked girls that could be either.

[i]They've been bound up and gagged and men are fucking them.[/i]

What the fuck?

Some of them have a dick coming out of their mouth. Their faces are drenched by cum. They shut their eyes as the men ejaculate onto their face. The gagged women have to gutturally squeal their climaxes and the men brutishly grunt out theirs.

Closer to me is a bunnygirl in a traditional bunny suit. Two police are molesting her roughly. They bring her to me after I've watched for a minute or two.

The pair of women servicing me slow their massaging. My two ridged prongs of fucking are as stiff as wood, no longer displaying any lifelike properties.

An officer joins the molested bunnygirl while I'm still being massaged. She's incredibly big-breasted, voluptuous, killer body. She's lotioned like the other two. She's hiding her face under her hat. She has on a skirt and empty holster. The belly-shirt uniform doesn't hide her underboob much at all. The shirt's tight around her upper arms and I think it might be too small for her.

The women massaging my cocks stop. They stand up out of the way. They get more comfortable, adjusting their clothes and undressing. Is that not the end? Their small bushes of pussy hair is visible when they slip off their panties.

The maid and extra-large busty officer come close. The officer is huge in the chest. I acknowledge the bunnygirl has big tits as well. Not as big.

Her face is plump smooth. Her skin across her whole body is smooth and exquisite like she has a fine fuzz hiding her pores.

As far as I can tell, all four of the women I've seen are immaculate, but these two look natural.

(It's her. The one who gave him liquor. He's not seeing her. The new cop's a goodie, keep an eye on her.)

Officer on left. Bunnygirl on right. Both have plump facial features and angular jaws. I can't wait to feel them suck my dick.

They place their faces together with my cock between them. They're rubbing into the glans really gratuitously with their soft cheeks. It can't be a mistake. They're stroking it with their faces. It rubs into their noses. They hold it between them and press together.

I can see the bunnygirl smiling at me eagerly. The cop's pushing her hat down more with her hand and turning her head left a little more so... if I came right this instant it'd be up her nose.

They kiss, gradually they fight their smiles and barely resist touching my cocks with their hands. They get back down on the blue one.

They're still kissing. Just a little bit more. Their wet lips smack together from suction. The head of my blue cock feels the breath from their mouths on it as they passionately smother each other. Their tongues come out in view French-kissing and graze me.

They carefully separate. "Are you going to laugh if you cover us in cum?" asks the maid.

I shake my head.

They kiss and the tip of my blue penis slips past the edges of their mouths while kissing. I feel every bump of their lips and their tongues feeling past it as they reach across to lick the other woman's tongue.

"How about now?" asks the maid, sounding more like "hmm abmt mmn?" carefully speaking like a ventriloquist even while their mouths are so close to my penis. I feel her breath on it.

[i]I'm not going to answer that.[/i]

The line between police and servants is blurring. [i]Cum in their mouths like this, as they would like it.[/i] How bad they want to drink my cum? Just suck the head and make it happen.

(He's distracted. He doesn't like what's happening around him. He wants to do such bad things to them.)

[i]The women being raped. The experience I indulged in so far.[/i]

[i]The thought is so terrible. I want to laugh in their faces while I cum on them.[/i]

Why did she ask me that?

[i]My hands are free. I can fuck their throats.[/i]

"You cock sucking whores. You'll choke on every last drop."

They continue locking lips while my cock goes directly between them and they focus on it. The wet squelches stop and turn into lewd mewling and murmuring.

Do they like the taste so much? They can't help make such naughty sounds?

Their lips press down and the head slips to the side facing me making a nice round bubble shape before they rub their mouths around it slipping it in and out. It makes a nice wet smack as their lips lose suction. They breathe out and tickle it with their tongues try to retrace their steps together. After a few misses and successes they find a rhythm and stroke the cock together with their lips embracing each other.

They pitch their voices higher enticingly. They sound like they're salivating over the best thing they've ever had.

I don't really have the power to deny what I'm hearing, seeing, and feeling. Cumming like this would make their day.

(It's a magical kind of dick. They're special women. They're feeling really good right now.)

They go back up and share the head of my cock again, repeatedly, stroking it until the intensity is too much for me. I buck my hips thrusting it. They make a valiant fight to hold it between them until it's out of their control.

And that was my nice dick.

"Tell me how yummy my dick is."

They're out of breath but they manage a thrilled half-orgasm escape their mouths. Good answer.

I see them graciously lick the blue cock before leaving it. Their focus was being drawn to the red one.

"You just can't resist it. Go ahead," I encourage. "You should tell me which cock is better."

The police woman turns her head away to deliberately keep me from seeing her smile.

Both lift up their chests and press them together with the clothes on. Their fingers touch and they touch my penis on the side facing me.

It's a pretty sight. The bunnygirl is staring at me again. I think they're going to give me a titjob.

(He is right.)

They tug at their tops slightly and reposition. Their tits are fantastic I can see between the bunnygirl's a lot better because the suit is open like to big cupping hands. The light reaches down into them. I catch myself salivating.

I reach over and tweak her nipple. She jumps an inch upwards quickly sending her rack up far enough they bounce on landing back down. She paints a big shitty grin on her face like she wants to gnash her teeth. But she doesn't look away from me. Speaking of teeth she has a very neat pair. Her face is stuck the way I left it.

Mental note. I want to suck her tits so hard.

The bunnygirl takes the red cock between her clothed breasts. The sensation, compared to their fingers, isn't that intense.

Her tits grip around it and smash together as her wrists force them around like kneaded dough. Plap. She's able to slap them up and down and the air stokes my ballsack cooling it off. That's pretty good! She stops after three or four pumps, and closes her lips, still holding the general look of distrust.

Her face moves a little bit. She's expressing something I can't grasp.

(The red cock is hot and she's spurring it into action with her titjob. It's salivating and more aggressively twisting between her tits out of sight.)

The cop lets her begin. After a short while she gets on my front dwarfing the tiny bunnygirl in massive tits in a blue cropped police uniform.

She lifts them up and spreads the undercarriage.— [i]It looks jut like a butt I fucking swear she's got a second ass on her chest.[/i]— They drop down around the blue cock that's been kissed all over.

The shared oral experience before is still fresh in my mind. Now, this.

They take out lotion bottles and fill their tits with it from above. Still not revealing their areolae— [i]I wanna see them so bad now.[/i] —before continuing.

Their motion is smooth as they squish their tits inward and pull up.

I don't think I've ever seen a titjob before. There are two of them now. Two titjobs. On me. I can't grasp the sensation all that well when they're out of sync but it's really good.

The officer is able to cup her tits closer to her body and slap her tits up and down. The bunnygirl has her top in the way.

"Why don't you take it off?" I suggest.

She smirks.

Well I can understand that expression.

"There's no way I'm going to cum like this," I tell them. "I told you. Use your mouths."

"Not so fast," says the cop masking her voice.

"Huh? Titjobs are for show. You can't make me cum."

I see a glare of light in both their eyes.

They motion to each other. The bunnygirl slowly tugs at her top. She pouts.

Was I being too mean?

The cop puts her hands under spreading her tits wider.

It's... not like. They're going to do something...

The bunnygirl unpeels her suit and I'm presented with delicacies of pre-lubed puffballs. She tilts her head back and squeezes them together.

"Woah now." She's still wrapped around my red dick.

She pushes her elbows together which squeezes my dick even more and she being pumping her tits up and down with her nipples in view.

She'll make it cum.

The officer pulls her crop top up slowly and out rolls her areolae. She pulls it up a little more while I'm obsessing over them and her full lotioned rack falls out onto my blue prick.

They're actually sticking out more, now that they're out of the shirt. The crop top was restraining them like a sports bra.

She doesn't put on any airs and gets to wanking. I feel cum prematurely escaping onto the women rubbing me.

They're very gentle at first. It tickles.

The bunnygirl is getting excited and bouncing up and down. The officer's similarly grunting while kneading her tits around in a wave.

I'm getting drained out between them and my nuts contract.
"Oooohaahhhh." I express the level of satisfaction. But it's not time yet. Their tits bounce up and down, they think they're going to do it.

[i]This is NOT how I FUCK![/i]

I shove the cop away. I feel a sense of disgust having accomplished it. But she's there looking at me. She looks away to hide her face.

"Why are you doing that?!"

The bunnygirl's shocked and stopped her paizuri.

I move forward to stand but she stays in place.

Move, I think. On second thought. I bring my hand down the back of her head. I pay extreme attention and push her face into my lap.

Her tits surround my balls and red cock. But her mouth will suck on my blue cock. I'm holding her head and making her finish me like this. It feels really great.

After a little while I think I'm going to cum so I shove her face against me.

"Uuuh."

I feel the onset. It feels really good though. I fake an orgasm while greedily satisfying my need to deepthroat this busty bunnygirl. If I just let it happen I'm sure it'll happen.

She looks funny with my big red dick sticking out past her chin.

"You too."

I grab the cop. My red prick leave its nestled tits and presents itself to her. It twitches repeatedly. It's stretching out to touch her.

"Don't make the little fella beg."

She brings her face in and something hits me in my inside. Her lips press down in a smooch and she runs her tongue along it. She sucks it in and swallows.

The image of two women deepthroating cocks is... I'm cumming. My back jerks unlatching their lips and I twitch before flooding them. I hold their faces in my hands. I knock the hat off the cop and seeing her face my gut clenches.

My prostate empties and I moan hugging the two girls close to my loins. I feel the bunnygirls' ears and she puts her hand up to push me away. I play with her ears and she looks incredibly tickled. I've stopped cumming I want to play with the bunnygirl's ears while she keeps sucking.

We're done. I let go of them.

I can't believe it, the goddess was dressed as a police officer the whole time.

"That was quite an act."

She tells me, "You're not done. Are you? We have one more show for you."

I feel invigorated.

---

The four women with lotioned bodies get naked. They bring me more.

The girl in front of me now is so pretty. The dewy lips. That cute lap sitter. "It's... you!" She bats her eyes and tries to hide her face. "Don't give me that look, cake face."

The fluffy bunnygirl's giving me a handjob for my next.

She keeps pumping my blue shaft. The orgasmic thing covers one side of her face in cum.

A naked officer helps, she tells the maid, "Bitch, don't dodge it Gobble it down." She pushes her face down in my crotch before the load finishes. "There right? Back of her throat. Did you cum? Can you feel it in there? This is the weapon. Taste it."

My cum fills the maid's throat. She gets her fill while I take a bite of my own satisfying the urge of my penis. [i]But not every urge.[/i] When her head is let back up it continues ejaculating. It covers her face thoroughly and a gout of cum rolls out onto her pretty lips like frosting.

---


I don't recognize this woman. She's pretty much naked already.

"Who's she?"

The princess helps by telling, "That's the lieutenant."

The lieutenant gets a turn. "You enjoyed the ride before, didn't you? How about I take over?" I suggest.

She murmurs, "Is it time for another injection?"

It doesn't really make sense.

I offer, "My cock can inject your asshole with whatever it's got. Just choose which one."

She's looking pretty happy with the presented opportunity at hand.

"Ladies," she says.

Ok this time. I'm going to take charge.

A quick tussle and I've got her on the floor. Her face is down on the floor.

"Where's your training? Where are your handcuffs?"

I'm handed handcuffs. [i]Thank you?[/i]

She's pretty much naked. She's wet. She has her ass propped up for something long and girthy.

A doe suggests, "Give her your wild bunny style. Fuck her. Impregnate that woman like she's a doe in heat." I have to thank the girl for saying that.

"Yeah? Are you going to do it?" asks the commander.

"I want to."

"You're all talk. Hear that? He'll cum inside."

"No I'm seriously..."

An officer helps clarify, "Confession."

A maid agrees, "You really love her. I mean. Hate her."

[i]Do it my way.[/i]

In! I pound officer cunt with a red dick from behind.

My fingers go wherever they catch from her armpits to her chest. Her breasts feel smaller than others. Soft. She's already wet. She planned this much, until I cum.

"Like he said. He came inside," someone, a maid? says. How many people are getting off on watching this?

I get in front and put blue dingaling in her mouth. "I'll cum inside here too," I tell her.

Cumming in her mouth, it overflows and all over her face. I rub both dicks between her tits for a while enjoying her as she kneels wearing handcuffs.

I bend her face down on the couch while standing. [i]Ass![/i] I stick both dicks in. Blue in her ass, red in her cunt.

Her legs jerk upwards so I slam into her making her scream. I grab her face while fucking her.

I suddenly don't know why. There's this delicious little morsel for me to eat though.

I bite her neck while she's muffled. My right hand goes down to force her to cum with her clit and I shove my fingers in and up and down until she's screaming in a pleasant tone. I let go and squeeze her tits while pumping stuff into her... number one or number two, I can't tell.

The exhausted woman can't catch her breath. She's very satisfied. And blood. I see blood. My dicks come out.

She turns over and some pretty average hard nipples are on show. But seeing her dire situation. I put my face down on her left breast and suck until it grows soft from the warmth of my lips.

I do the same to her right nipple. I pinch her left until it's puffy and hard. I greedily return to suck at the bloody-stiff teat and run my teeth along her areolae. This is starting to get to her so she squeals as I pull her nipples into my mouth.

She's trying to get away. I bare fangs and bite making her scream and I suck at her sore erection on her chest.

[i]She won't die until I...[/i]

"If you want to kill her—"

"What did you say?" I ask the princess.

I don't care.

"Don't fucking tell me what I should do. Don't say a thing."

There's something horrible, I fucking hate it. There's something horrible about this woman.

And this place I'm in looks like all the strung up girls have been raped to exhaustion by the men dispersed through the crowd, and some of the women, so it should probably burn. What I want is.

I want to...

I can't.

[i]I can't keep my eyes open.[/i]

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]Intro, part 2, Bukkake Nightmare[/size][/u]

(Welcome, hero.)

(The following is misleading. It is immaterial. It is decorum. It's instruction for the true nightmare to come. We have final say in such matters.)

This is a new place. Not one of dearth, it is one of spirit.

In our short time on Earth, humanity's inhibited desires have manifested the wildest fantasies. What fantasies they hold dear, is ours to behold. Ours to grant.

Here, the fantasy has no limits, no morality, no quandary or belittlement to be trifled with. The sole purpose of our manifesting now.

Those who've crossed over to this realm must endure rapturous satisfaction in every moment of their existence.

In this realm, bouquet of lights in a sultry softly lit tunnel augments the beauty of ornamental statues and outcropped walls and insets. The ground is soft carpeted and sterile congruent patterns directing the eyes to dazzling displays intricately hidden through as a display to enduring time and tribulation of all who wish to behold it.

There are places of echoes and those of dilated flow of sensation and the squelches of man-flesh and bestial cries rein as they mate with their submissive host. Our gift.

Throngs of demons with phallic tendrils and hideous features imbued with essence of mankind's desire take their adoring fans in a rapt embrace.

Not long ago... We reshaped this place to our will. What was once a honeycomb of wild moss and undergrowth in an alien world, spread out as if dug out by tool, is now architecture, interiors, and everlasting power sources ablaze from the essence shared by mankind.

The leavings of ancient guardians long past are preserved, unnoticed, not needed as of late.

Now, dick demons, phallic beasts, tentacle monsters, and other insidious creatures. What was once a vicious host. Tamed for the joy of their mates. Heh. [i]Tame enough[/i] within the domain of the indomitable, there's no limit of depravity, only an urgency they should heed those in need. It is an endless orgy.

[i]A monstrous thing with intentions has a woman in its grip[/i]. It's female.

She wails, "Help!" Her womanhood is gushing from the feelings overwhelming her. "I can't believe. It's happening!" The thing's tongue wreaths around her partner's mouth finding her way in and delicately dances along her upper palette before teasing her to a kiss. Her thing dances along her tongue and wraps around licking her inside tickling her and playing with her tonsils.

She's overflowing from arousal.

She pulls out both drooling, smitten in a blissful state. She's let down low enough to see her partner's delicacies. She rubs her face against the sensitive place and coats her in feminine fluids. She delicately unwraps her like a present and flings her clothes onto a nightstand. They get on a bed and the ferocity of their passion makes both of them exhausted.

They rest in bed. Both their naked bodies intertwined in a pleasant aroma from the flowers nearby. Their excitement is rekindled as the flames of candlelight flickers out. A new row of candles comes aflame.

The two of them. She has all she needs right here. She flips her over and stuffs the woman's cunt with her pink delicate tongue repeatedly lapping at her and suckling until she finishes.

They return to a missionary position with the many erogenous presentations of the female thing rubbing against the woman's breasts and face. There's a significant amount of tongue play and suckling from both of them as well.

The woman's alive from her emotion and embrace. Her face is red as she's encouraged to climax in every position. Her body's turning flush and sweaty. Not an inch of her is left alone by her fantasy between the sheets. Their body fluids cover them. For as long as she remains here she won't wish to leave. So is the destiny of hers and hers.

(No. We say. And yes.)

No longer will she be repressed. Yes, the fated lovers will be brought together.

Until then they must endure the helplessness of fantastic bliss. Until then they must endure the trials of fantastic lovemaking. Until then it is our realm to reshape and rekindle the desire that their needs should be met. Until then, we relight the flames.

And not just for them.

There is a man amidst the monsters. His arms feel heavy, for their burden on him is too great. His arms have become flaccid and his body is steeped in desire.

He climbs off a bed leaving the woman he was bestowed.

Heaven forbid.

He saw that girl, with that thing. He didn't understand. Dear, We'll help you. Accept this.

We send him women, and other feminine mates suited for him, for he is in need. He has taken on a form of a beast and has set foot away from the one who sought him.

The betrothed swarm over him like a parade. When they touch him it's apparent his body is truly a masterpiece. Erections, protrusions, his limbs are phallic, his flesh saturates with a pheromonal substance to enhance the bouquet surrounding the magical feast. Into them he plunges, he slips, and into them they put him, and they scream ecstatically. They scream orgasmically. The attraction to him rises. He cums and cums and doesn't stop. For he, too, has become an ecstatic, orgasmic spirit.

In this place, the men and women are bestowed my gifts, and those provided take the necessary form to service them. Always how we see fit.

Love's a pretty good word to describe the bethrothal, the bestowal of gifts, the ecstasy, and the spirit of this place... When it's right. 

Some of the women want to experience what it's like to be nothing. They take their clothes off and degrade themselves. They show him they're capable of doing more, that he can do whatever he wants.

He only wants women, so, we bestow him with only women who'll want.

He wants pretty women. The women have perfect bodies.

The women, nipples erect, faces erect, hair on end, bordering transcending beauty he can comprehend. Their mouths open like birds begging to be fed.

His many limbs form erect and hold them tenderly. He brings them to kiss them and please them, as he pleases himself.

They still whisper, the wanted curse, the pain he's withheld throughout their blissful relations "r... a... p.u.s.s. p.l.e.a.c.e". He's feeling pangs of need. To please them. To fulfill their desire.

He thinks, [i]I never would do it. I never thought a woman would want it.[/i] "Are you... are you?"

Their tongues stick out too far to orally service him, they lick along his many phalli. Their kinks, their fantasies, they aren't even sure why they made the gesture they saw fit. They hold up their pinky fingers, they bare their necks, and shoulders. They're already naked. They fake orgasms, they say words in other languages as well has his own that mean 'daddy' or 'husband' or 'lover' and they say much more intimate things. Their body language is telling. They are revealing their places, their darkest secrets, and they're opening them up, and playing with their fantasies. They want to see him erect, and they want him to want them, and they would do whatever he wants. They need to be shown more, they beg for his instruction. They beg with love in their eyes, and on their mouths, and in their hearts, but what they want is to be experienced by him intimately, physically, carnally, sexually, explicitly, orgasmically, impregnably, and reality, and then have their bestowal given away, like gifts.

They scream impassioned with their wishes for fulfillment, "Do it for us. We'll do it for you! We'll do anything for you! We want to be here forever with you! Send me away! Send me away, but only when you're done! I can change!"

He feels them deeply. His tentacles ooze. But he also feels them as a part of him. He's suddenly all too aware of this. The women grow attached to him so readily.

There are other demons like him. Some are drooling so much over their consorts it looks like they're wiping butter into the crevices and spreading it along in sheets of silkily smooth topping. Demons may fill them with their mysterious fluids. They open their maws wide enough to engulf the bodies of the beloved bestowed to them. Their cocks and tentacles and orifices are lovingly caressed by men and women surrounding them. This is normal to them this is their desires.

It's not normal, for him. Our bestowal is not normal to any human, honestly. Those who've experienced it may even forget. But in due time it will be accepted. The physical forms we've bestowed to them harbor the potential to fulfill urges they'd endure for as long as they remain.

His body parts move without willing them. They happily expose the newly entreated female bodies. Regardless of their experience. Regardless of their preparation. It's coming alive enacting his desires now all on its own. His moving limbs unbutton their suits popping their cleavage out. Lingerie and thin clothes get pulled tighter, the seams pop, the fabric splits, the metal hooks bend before they tear. Loose clothes can be enough, they let him in, the flesh underneath is inviting him to grope it.

Their soft tits move aside. His tentacles wrap around within their underwears. Their breasts are squeezed tightly. Their nipples are plucked and sucked at, they're irresistible.

Their firm ass cheeks don't stay firm enough to prevent molestation. Their wet slits trigger fornicating desire. Their clits make them cum. His protrusions slip inside. Their mouths are inviting.

Panties are twisted and pulled aside. Bathing suits are licked all over. Their gowns and dresses are being lifted. They like it, they want it in them. The noise they make.

They tearfully plead to be released from torment, love is a pretty good word. But if love is not strong enough, they beg him to, "Rape us."

The demons put their dicks in, each girl utters a sound of rapture. Their eyes roll back. There are many places to put dicks in. They'll remember what it's like to be a woman.

The women make a lot of noise, a lot more than needed. I bestow these men loss. I bestow to them ruin. They abuse the female bodies they've been offered, and the noise is truly insatiably cursed. A few dozen women climaxing at the same time is a sound that can't be forgiven by any creature, and the men will remember deep down.

And among the men there are spirited ones. They're excited by the right mate. Anal persuasion, a woman's ass should be gently stretched until full. Oral persuasion, a doll's mouth is acceptable, for some. After cumming generously, one exits, another might stay inside.

Exhausted and fouled. A woman out of breath and catching herself afterward is the nature of satisfying exploratory sex.

The juices flow, squirting, and their clothes get dirty and slimy. Female bodies pressed together under duress even pleasure each other. The acts of insemination and girl on girl conquest continue. It happens as we see fit.

Their breasts are squeezed, and their nipples are plucked and stretched and sucked at. And no matter where they look they see it happen to another woman. If they like, a woman does it to them.

[i]I'll never give you away. I'll never send you away. What reason would I have?[/i] he tells himself.

He'll spend a year in this place.

They give birth to his children.

[i]I won't send you away...[/i] he tells himself, he can't speak. Watching the mothers raise them, it is also a pleasure of his, until the children have grown. Many leave on their own. There are too many. The ones that remain. His body is not human enough. His desires are too easily swayed. [i]I don't know what to do. My children are too needy. Stay away.[/i]

He understands. And soon so will the others.

It happened, time and time again. And it happens, again.

Although. This time. We have a special gift. For this one is already so much more than human. So, the women shall be.

--


What am I doing here? How'd I get here?

(There is a lone man with a visage like a Greek god. We spun a tale. We let him feast. Now he's here.)

My penis is erect. It's long. It's abnormal. I start standing up and the soft bed I'm on restrains me from movement with its soft comfort.

My stiff dick's base rubs against my thighs and slaps into my leg.

Gosh. I didn't think it was that way.

I grab it to pull it away and close my legs. I feel ribbing, like treads on a bicycle wheel, or the sole of a shoe.

Why's my shoe on my dick?

I give it a tug and the skin slips. I feel my hand on the head of my cock.

That's [i]still[/i] my dick?

I turn to the side and there's an immediate sense of humidity.

She's in bed with me. She's like a work of art. Good. An adult woman.

A girl. She's pretty short.

I feel her tits.

[i]A woman.[/i]

She moans in a high pitch.

I'll use her and get over this morning wood sooner. I push her shoulders down mounting her and sheath my prick with her face in the pillow.

She pulls her back up and drives my cock in deeper.

Her back's like a firm fragile thing. Her ass is big and pillowy. I lean in and screw her. There's a relaxing sensation and my cock's bristling stiffness unwinds until I feel like I can really cum. So I slow down and enjoy the feeling.

(He cums and falls asleep. He'll forget.)

I wake up mounted with this woman. I pump my cock in and out of her.

(He cums and falls asleep. He'll forget.)

Where am I?

I'm on my side.

There's an odor of sex and there's a humidity. The sheets are wet. I see a woman lying next to me. A woman with a body like a work of art.

I don't know her. She's been crying into the pillow. I can probably make her happy with some sex.

I rub my face and there's dry stuff there as well.

I look around the room we're in and there are multiple beds. Women, men, various partners. There are hideous things as well. I thought it was pictures and posters at first but they are moving, and the women touching them are writhing in ecstasy.

The room grows dim, and something like a sunrise begins, the light changes casting rays through windows out of sight.

I get a look at the woman next to me. In the light she's a brown-skinned woman with ornaments of jewelry. Her hips are wide. I'm getting an erection.

She stirs and looks at me. Her curvaceous ass turns away. Staying my lust. But she settles back down and her hip's sprawling wide.

She puts a hand on me.

A stranger like her, are we?

"Did we...?" I ask. [i]Sleep together?[/i]

She pulls me to her for a kiss and opens her mouth early. I can see into it.

Very well. If we haven't already, then we will fix that. I shove everything I have in my mouth into hers. She reacts a little strongly so I grab her ass.

I feel like I'm cumming. I spread her ass groping her and try to shove my penis into her missionary. [i]Fuck. It's... it's... I having an...[/i] I say, and stick my tongue out as much as I can.

I hear her swallow, repeatedly, choking. I wrap my arms around her and thrust my hips failing to penetrate her with my cock. It's as good as it'll get, I guess.

So good. I realize. It felt better than expected.

I don't stop. I won't let her go until I enjoy every contraction and I keep deep-kissing her hard.

I finish. I pay attention to her needs again and I see gouts of stuff on her face. How?

(The dick that came was his tongue. It's very long. Is head is thick as a doorknob. He was obsessed with screwing her so much he missed these little details. That'll cost him later.)

I came? I have an erection. I want to fuck her. What's wrong with her face? Why's her mouth full of stuff?

Where are we?

I declare, "We'll screw."

I get on. She's a little black barbie doll. My hands grope her thick brown ass and I anticipate penetrating her with this big meat stiffening at the side of her mons.

"Spread your legs open or this'll hurt no matter how wet that cunt is."

She has a very fine, tight hole. I'm pushing it in. Every twist of her insides are wet. Her face wreaths in pain. She makes irritating noises.

She's just a whiny hoe. 
 
Her cunt doesn't last more than a moment before giving in and she makes an orgasmic sound out of her mouth. There you go. Little fucking barbie doll slut.

"That's what a pussy sounds like coming out your mouth. That's good now suck it with that fat underside," I tell her. I'm talking shit of course.

This girl is a beauty. She shouldn't resist it. This is what she was made for. Big. Fucking. Cock.

I see she's actually wearing a dress. Her dress is parted in ways making her whole back bare. Her front of her body is completely visible without being naked.

[i]Screw that.[/i] I pull her dress apart unveiling her tits. And squish them. They're big like plump apples. I dig my fingers in and my cock.

She tries to fight me. She's so weak. From her bottom position I'm outweighing her.

"Again?" I say. "Just accept it. You love it. You want a spanking?"

(She gives into it. She's about as confused as he was at the start. But shes longed for this.)

"Let's do it," I affirm.

Were in missionary.

I move my hands to cup her tits and pinch them like milking udders. I play with my bottom lip licking at it. This is so disgustingly good feeling.

Out. In. Not even trying. It's like my legs and hips are kicking to fuck the woman automatically. Her squeal is making my loins throb in anticipation for the climax. "It's too soon. Shut up bitch." She shudders enrapt. I force my hand over her mouth and press it into her face stifling her. Her breasts flop up when her shoulders heave orgasmically, I'm cutting off her oxygen until she stops. I let go and watch her gasp for air after her climax.

I maliciously knead and pinch her teats to make her whine.

She's a mess. I'm pretty happy about that, but I haven't shot a load of cum since we kissed and I'm desperate to make it happen. My balls ache. OH?

My balls feel like they're blowing out. I pull my hips in to resist the irresistible climax and make some of my own stupefied noises. I wrap my arms around her and hold tight. My face shoves against her collarbone. So close and at the moment I don't feel the need to do [i]that[/i].

My dick fills to the brim with climactic pressure and the contractions start. The contents fail to gush out, repeatedly trapped between contractions. The stuff finds its way into her eventually. All I can think afterwards is,

[i]What a ruined orgasm it was. My body keeps acting so immature. What the hell's wrong with me?[/i]

After defiling her inside I feel hurt. My stomach. I'm hungry.

Her face is covered in spunk. She grabs at my hands on her back to ease my grip.

It is calm, relaxing, and quiet. There's only breaths of air between us. Can I make her cum again?

(He's still bearing down on her.)

I relax and raise up. The tits on display after pulling her dress aside have been nipping harder over time. They stick out like fat juicy berries. I suckle her generous ebony tits and grind my teeth into her chest. I bite and pull with my teeth making her skin nastily raise up and making wet flapping and grotesque sucking sounds. I dig in to her areolae and shove my face down stuffing my mouth. I want to fuck her tits with my mouth.

[i]Does that hurt?[/i]

(She's been screaming the whole time.)

I catch a glimpse of her face removing my hand and she's bawling in tears.

"Did I hurt you?"

She shakes her head. [i]No?[/i] I want to see her say it. I want her to give me this fucking useless confirmation. I hurt her, her bloody skin and bruises. I ball up my fist. I'm going to punch the most beautiful part of her. I want her face to be it.

She puts her hands up to cover herself.

She knew it!

I look around. The monsters. I'm one of them. Alright.

I look down. She's so small. I've gotten bigger. She's so very tiny. If I land a blow now, it'll crush her bones.

I pinch her breast with my thumb and forefinger. She turns over. I grab both her tits like this. I feel an erection.

She's covering her face and trying not to be hit. I shove my cock into her and let my tongue fall out of my mouth. I squeeze her tits. My tongue plays with her face. I laugh from my chest and fuck her. The bed groans.

(He came in her like that and forgot.)

I wake up in bed alone. The bed's too small. My legs are over the side.

I have a huge boner rubbing into my legs. I get up to the edge of the bed with the frame crunching and splintering.

A woman advances. She's... a midget compared to me. Either I'm very tall, or she's very small. Judging by the size of the bed, it's the former.

I take her hand in mine.

We do it at the edge of the bed like that.

She's certainly a lively little fuck. She bounces up and down on my dick. I admire her dead-look a she orgasms, her eyes roll back. I blow her belly up with my creampie and her body goes limp.

"Did you like it?" I ask her.

(And forgets. And forgets.)

I wake up kissing. I am cumming in their mouths while kissing. How is that?

My dick's girth is too big.

The women are fainting from intercourse with me. Why don't they leave?

Blowjobs. They give me blowjob.

They latch their mouths to my cock, slurping the white goop off. They work my wet ballsack. Filling their mouths with spunk.

I stop wanting to. My body moves on its own.

I get out of bed and I'm able to stand. But, I'm too big. I can touch the ceiling. The place was made too small.

The women can only reach my ankles if I'm standing. [i]You're going to suck...[/i] Ok. I'm not sure how I'm supposed to make it happen. [i]I'll fuck.[/i]

I bend forward and stand on all fours.

[i]Is this good enough?[/i]

I stick out my tongue to lick their faces. They come over. Stupid! I shove it in her throat.

More come. Their bodies feel soft against mine. They pet and caress me one at a time as they offer their entire selves to me.

I take them with my hands into my arms. They're kind of cute because of how small they all are.

[i]You're so tiny.[/i]

A new woman. She presents her ass so I lick at it. I plant my tongue at the entrance of her pussy. And feel like I'm going to cum, putting it in.

[i]You will regret this.[/i]

I wrap my lips around her bottom like she's a big fat candied apple and and slurp at her like a noodle. She's having an orgasm alright? She likes it.

I feel her melt and her delicious candy flesh dissolves on my tongue. I pull out my tongue and take a bite out leaving her ass in a bruised and blackened state. Cum spills out her gaping anus. I ram my tongue in her pussy chomping down into her.

(Mmmh, and she enjoys being killed in her dream. By this nightmare. His first victim? We'll go with that.)

The other women are fondling my cock and it's ever-hard.

They shouldn't be so bold. I'll explore them, and retaliate with my fingers!

At the touch of a finger. They become orgasmic. I press them in and it crushes their insides.

My lower erection is engorged.

Those who were late bend over. In front of me are sensual flesh mounds front and back. The valleys between their breasts and the pucker of their anuses. What will it take to prove that I'm the best they've ever had?

My cock runneth over from its fill. No, someone's making it. I look under me. Below me, a more ambitious girl to mate with.

She's attempting to position herself and take control. My insertion is imminent by her own efforts.

She's very fine, with wide hips. She'll stretch. It'll work if I just give a little push.

I grab her shoulders. My hands are big enough my fingers touch in-between her tits. And I pull her. It goes straight in.

I reposition my hands covering her head while I'm shoving her down on me. I'm going in deep. I didn't know there was so much woman there.

Her belly sticks out. My cock twitches and lifts her body when I let go. Her hands come up and hold her breasts and stomach after I lift her.

It's so good I'll tell her. I finish kissing the woman in front of me and pull out. She collapses in a pool of cum.

I'm cumming? I roar.

Oh fuck. It's good.

(His orgasm is like a fire hydrant. Her stomach expands and she's spewing liquid like a squirt gun.)

She remains there, like a nice sensual grip around the base of my shaft. My wet ballsack droops around her belly.

Good girl. Keep daddy hard.

(Another woman tries to help her off his cock. Unbelievably smitten, she wants it so bad she'll take his womb-stretching orgasm.)

The many look happy. "Do us more," they encourage, shaking their goods in my view.

[i]That's what they're here for.[/i]

I don't think I've even been treated this well before. People aren't so tainted they'd wish this. Never. I should give them what they want.

I grip them with my hands. They're like squishy dolls. They have very nice plump titties.

I notice the woman eagerly working her way to my cock. I grab her with my mouth and press my face to her. She gets down on all fours and I direct my treatment to her in other ways. Daring woman. Saliva coats her curves very enticingly. I squirt many loads from my mouth into her pussy and ass.

To mate with her, using this enormous girth, she wants nothing more. I'm positive.

The surrounding throng of women urge me. "Do it to me," they say. "F.u.l.l. f.i.l.l o.u.r.s. fill u.s."

[i]Ok.[/i]

They get on the bed. The sunlight's turned the room into an orange glow.

My cock's already nestled into a voracious breeder below me. I'm able to lift her up and put her on the edge of the bed, where she'll be more comfortable.

Her belly empties as I pull out. The stuff begins streaming out her backside.

I give my cocks to the rest of the women. Their mouths stream with the fluid in huge globs. Their bellies fill and their eyes roll up.

They sleep in the bed. The bed's too small for me.

I swallow. There's something. There are more women. I'm drooling. They're appetizing. They're so. Delicious.

The women holding up their arms deserve it. I offer French kisses for a snack. I fill their throats with my tongue, thick saliva, and cum. They fall into my maw and I suck the sweetness off their skin. The melty. The salty sweat taffy flavor. I lick their generous tits for a milky bouquet overflowing in my mouth. I suck them dry of oils and grime. I lick around their face and the shape of their upper bodies, exquisite.

They're powerless. By practicing on them, I feel something growing inside me.

Even during this. Doting on me so badly, the girls keep asking for "more." I'll get all the practice I need.

The little birdies need to be fed by daddy! Come and let me fill your mouth. I love the taste of you.

I give up on using my hands. They'll line up at the edge of the bed. They grab the sheets and screech when I shove it all inside.

The potency and quantity of my sperm is enough. My orgasms can overpower their insides. I buck thrusting past them crunching and breaking the bed. They pass out.

They're on display for me. They look so tasty.

The smell of it, I want to eat them. I want to eat their asshole. I'll milk them dry. Why don't I?

(And this is their fantasy. To be destroyed in droves by something surpassing humanity. Something they'll comprehend. We grant it unto them.)

(For him though...)

It's not enough.

I don't care.

(Lose whatever humanity is left. Let the demons take over.)

This is a great place.

What's this?

There's a tail I feel it. It's not what you might think. I'm going to use it like a third arm.

What's this?

My senses are sharpening. I'm getting a feel for the women around me.

I get really close to a chewed and bruised up woman. Her skin is raw red like she's been grated and her breasts are marred by bite marks. I turn her.

She's bruised and bloody. Her skin's a sickly red rash. Her anus is misshapen and a glob of drying cum has slid out. I lap at her unconscious body. I wet her skin with saliva. Does it hurt?

I don't care. I feel another cock erect.

My body is changing. This is a prey. I'm surrounded by women like this one. Why aren't they running?

[i]I want to do that. It's a vicious act none remain wanting.[/i]

This is stupid. [i]I want to do that. Their tits are soft.[/i]

I try, I pretend to console her. I want to make her... I'll possess her. My lips touch hers and my tongue darts out, cum issues straight out my mouth on her face. That wakes her up.

I open my maw in a smile for her. I'm sincerely trying to help you, little sheep.

She puts an arm on my neck. I reflexively deepthroat her, her esophagus is a wet pussy getting fucked. She swallows repeatedly. She's sucking my cock. Wow. Nice.

It's a strong enough feeling I can't fight either and I climax down her throat. Enjoy that drink. You'll be with me now.

I take it away and her eyes are glowing. The cum in her mouth has a subtle hue, yellowish.

I have mixed feelings. I didn't get my fill. There are many many more women.

I get on the bed. I pick one of the litter and pull her to the edge. I chomp down on her shoulder and drink. Blood for the blood demon. She's possessed.

I push her face down. Her strength already left her. I shove my cocks in distending her belly and womb. Anal for the slut demon.

I spare a gallon of cum, revitalizing her.

"Do it again," she begs.

I'm salivating from mouth and prick. My tail whips.

I thrust inside her vag. She wants it so bad. She's completely covered and it'll be inside next. The viscous crud, my oozing smegma coats our bodies. I lie on her and my weight is pressing her into the bed so far she disappears.

I can take my tail and flick her clit. It stings her and I'm certain it's to her liking.

A second dick. I need to use both. She'll absolutely adore it. It's a natural act of breeding. Everything will be perfect, make it right, make her need it as badly as I do.

I drag it back seeing it unsheath above. It's next to her second entrance. It plants into her anus fully engorged.

I can force them both in at once.

I do it with nothing but the promise of pleasure. I can't talk, but I can make noises. The points they enter spread out and I grunt thrusting them through to the inside. She opens her mouth wide to orgasm. I shove my tongue in.

Soundless, cum is dripping down her face and hair, and going into her mouth, her tits white with pasty viscous slime from the bed and my own deposited substances. I pull out and all my dicks are completely covered by her girlcum. They're still cumming.

The throngs of women surround me and lie in bed waiting.

(There's a sanctuary here for them. This is where they'll get their satisfaction. We'll see to it.)

(But, for him... Before he wakes. He'll die of thirst.)

For months I've devoured the female prey that have come to me for so long. I know of the taste of foul. I know of the pleasure of defilement. But I don't know this.

My bed is empty.

It's been getting bigger and an endless wave of women have been feeding me but now. Where are they at?

Right there. The women stand in rows. They're marred and bruised. I've ruined them.

But, where are the new women?

"Aren't we enough? Can you sleep with us?" asks one of my thralls.

I talk, I figured out how to, "I think we should share. How about half of you go to that other bed, and I'll take the women from over there."

My women, pregnant and a bit tired from all the hard sex, their eyes glowing, do as I suggest.

The beast commanding the nearby bed disapproves. He cums in his own slut harem.

"I think you meant, 'thank you' and you'll accept my offer." But half of the women I've sent are pregnant, and half of his women I want are pregnant.

We try another.

This one has children already grown up. "Send us away." They repeat like a mantra. "Sleep with us. Be with us forever. Send us away. Choose."

"I'll take some of them off your hands. And if their mothers want to come with..."

Success.

I have my thralls go around trading themselves until I have a new group of sex dolls... and virgins! This time. The newly endowed women spill blood from broken hymens. They've never slept with a man, they've never known existence outside of this realm.

And pretty soon my own children will start to be born.

My hunger grows. I'm growing. I'm hungry. The resources. The amount of women I sleep with. I need more. I'm in a dire need to spill seed. I need to drink from them.

(Stay as long as you like.)

I know no other joy. I will fight. There's an endless supply of women. But even that's not enough. My possessions. Mine. MINE. [i]MINE[/i].

(You idiot.)

My bed is big enough to fill the entire tunnel. I squash the infantile beasts, dispersing them from this reality.

I sense their dismay. [i]You said you'd share.[/i]

The women they fucked only think of me. Worship me. My old possessions return to me. My new possessions, mine.

I break out of the paradise into the dark outerworld.

It's all here. She changed it. She reshaped it. But the ancient creatures that shaped the land. They're still here. And so is the dankness.

I've seen this place. I've been here before.

[i]THIS[/i] THIS IS REAL.

There's a place... of spirit.

LIAR.

(Wake up. You were supposed to die.)

My struggle hasn't ended. My thralls come to me and I fuck them until my fill. I'll find the Dread Witch. She's here somewhere. I'll find him. We can join forces. I've become so powerful.

My supply dwindles. I'm powerful...

The women disappear.

I'm walking through fertile soil on a dimly lit landscape. I can't talk. I find a woman.

I need a drink.

She gives me a hug. Illmuire? No. Princess? It's me, can you recognize me?

There's a puddle of water and on its reflection is a glowing white light. I don't recognize myself.

(Your demons chose to set you free.)

The princess undresses herself and caresses me. She brings my face to hers for a kiss. No, I... Lick her face. She pats my neck. What am I?

She puts my muzzle to her belly and I trail my way along with her guidance.

Wow. It's been a long time. It feels good to be touched.

She breathes a harsh breath as I nuzzle her.

Her sweet smell. I lick at her sweet smelling damp lips. I lick between her legs. I won't die. But I can't stay... What am I?

(A unicorn.)

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]Intro, part 3, Awakening[/size][/u]

(That's our princess you're drinking.)

I wake up with my head in her lap. I don't know who she is or where I am.

(A man who dreamed he was a demon wakes up.)

The princess says, "You've awakened."

Nothing's changed. I absolutely hate what I see. My body aches. I breathe in a hoarse breath and blow it out flared nostrils. Clomp.

[i]Clomp?[/i]

The princess sounds happy when she says to me, "You've awakened, nightmare."

(Waking nightmare.)

Where are my hands? I have an erection. She's touching me. It's her fault.

[i]Help. I need to... cum.[/i] She'll let me. I'm desperate. [i]Typical. Just do what you were made for. Girl.[/i]

She guides me to stand up.

[i]Come on. You know what I want. What the fuck get on your knees and suck my dick![/i]

But she did no more than that. She gestures to the surrounding and I take it in again.

[i]What the fuck?[/i] The women are tied down, and strung up against bookshelves, and men are fucking them. There are women fucking them.

It looks like we're in a library. I'm watching an orgy long after the sex has taken place. It's a dungeon. It's lit dimly with only a few bright lights.

"Do you recognize the women?" she asks.

I shake my head. She laughs at me. [i]Do I look funny?[/i]

I just don't understand a single thing that's happening! [i]Bitch explain![/i] My adrenaline is rising quite fast.

She takes out a book. (It materializes. We sent it.) She casts a spell by reading from it. She cast the spell on me.

"I know what you're thinking," she says. "Go ahead. The power of Zeth should be enough to finish the job."

[i]Whatever she meant! I'm! Fucking! Killing these motherfuckers![/i]

(Uhh. We'll think of a way to fix this. Princess!)

"Sweetie. Nightmare. Fight with your heart, not with your fist."

I take one step and it's very easy.

What was that? Fight...

My body swings into motion like I've taken flight. I careen like a bull on skates at nearly a ton towards the tables lined with women being raped.

I knock over a cop enjoying groping and slapping the woman there. The woman he's been fucking is... I can't focus...

[i]Focus on the task. I hate these motherfuckers. So kill them.[/i]

She said 'Fight with your heart.'

I stand still. Nothing's changed

They take out the billy clubs. Some take out a dildo.

Forgetting something? Are you going to rape the women with those things? I think [i]not.[/i] Energy spills out of me stunning them. The ones still fucking pick up the pace.

[i]Fuck yourself to death![/i]

My horse legs grow into hands. My muscles are bulging. I'm able to stand on my hind legs now, not really hoofs any longer. The little spell she cast has had a tremendous effect.

(He's still pretty horse-like though.)

This next motherfucker's bent over on top of a woman. His face is next to hers. Enjoying her like I want to. 

A few from the company see me and freak out. The erotic women are pretty much stuck in place unable to fight. I see some are escaping into a backroom. [i]I didn't know that shit was there. [/i]Some are hiding.

My tail grabs this bitch's leg. And automatically swipes tripping her. It does this to anyone trying to get past me. I don't need to look.

Steam is rising off my body. How many more men? How many fuckers are in my way?

(Not really. Just...)

I walk steadily forward until my tail trips them. My leg kicks breaking a table.

Unexpectedly, a woman barrels into me. The first one I saw? The one the guy was having sex with.

[i]You're like, two feet tall.[/i] Oh that's right. I'm actually really big. I nudge her aside with the back of my hand like overpowering a hamster.

Holding me. She's throwing herself on my wrist to stop me. If I move it could hurt her. What a terrible thought.

I say, "This is my house."

The women are crying in unison, as though the change in atmosphere has stricken them with fear.

(Plus the energy jolt has made them horny.)

"What's that look for?" I ask. [i]Do I look funny?[/i] "Don't you have something for me?"

(In his dream he became as big as the room he was in. Right now he's only about seven feet tall.)

The princess says, "Girls, calm down. We let a horse in, that's all."

(He can barely hear what she's saying. The women are pretty shocked at the idea of a horse visit in the middle of this rehearsed debauchery.)

There's a woman bound to a shelf I partially broke. Her face is against the binders. Her arms are above her. I'm getting her scent. (She's real.) I shove a man close enough ([i]he could have touched her[/i]) away.

I really like what I see. She's so pretty. There's a thrum and hiss coming from between us. She's so cute.

(His two dicks have returned.)

I kiss her neck and she shrugs her shoulders.

There's a spark of electricity between us. [i]Oooh. Feel that? Who doesn't like that?[/i]

"How about we enjoy our bodies together?" I tell her. Turns out, I can talk.

She is whining.

I let a guttural bellow come from my chest as I line up my cock along her back. I put my hands on the wall above her and feel my testicles rest against her backside.

So horny, I open my mouth and let my tongue come out. It touches her face and shoulder.

(Three dicks.)

I stroke my cocks along her butt... Oh that's right. A second cock stood erect below the one I see. Grinding it into her backside. I see the two of them.

I let up. My dicks aren't so big... She's really small, still.

I put my hand on her and I grope her body. I'm not being rough. She's too soft.

I feel her face with one hand and her butt with the other. I stick my right hand into her mouth. I feel her tongue. I can picture sticking other parts of my anatomy there. My tail whips and my cocks realign. I spread her anus. I'm stunned.

Fine! I'll kiss her.

(His fingers are throatfucking her.)

I pull her head back and slip my tongue in.

(His... third cock is throatfucking her.)

She whines really loud. I grind my phalli into her back and... I can't think... Am I really going to cum? I gently grind into her back not to give up. It's a very slow and careful measure because not only could I...

Nah. [i]I can't think a damn thing.[/i]

I don't care where the cum is spraying, this feels good enough.

(With a horse-like anatomy, but equivalent to a goliath. He can swallow the entire bunnygirl.)

I move back enough the tips of my cocks are being focused on. The sperm spills out in a steady flow. How unbelievably good it feels. It would be better if I got them in. I prod at her backside on the verge of a spectacular feeling.

I see two cops, female. They've come close enough. They help jerk off my cocks.

I pull my tongue out. "Help me screw this woman's fat fucking ass," I say.

I remove my fingers from her face to her whining and shaking her head. [i]Pretend not to like it then.[/i] I squeeze her tits. I'm slightly penetrating a bound maid while I'm milked.

I fully climax from one cock onto her shoulder and cover the side of her face. I lean forward resting against her. My other dick's still good and ready.

Being so much taller than this mare is a feeling I'll appreciate more while mounting her. As of the moment, I stare down her front into her cleavage. She has no idea what's about to happen.

A police officer takes my next cumming dick and sucks at the end. My cock's getting massaged by four hands. I slip in the mare and grunt. I dribble into her with the tip inside.

The two police get down on all fours. Alluring to my gaze. From here I have a chance to admire their sweaty lotioned bodies. I slip out.

I put my hands on their sides and hold them together with both their butts facing me. I manage to put my dicks into both their vaginas at once and they endure as the trickling cum fills them. My next blowout orgasm spills out the cunt of the thicker woman.

My hands find their tits and squeeze them as I continue fucking.

(As he does this the bound women are being released.)

The skinny cop I'm on somehow falls away and gets on a table. I follow and help her to a double-barreled penetration while she's lying on her side.

"How do you like our gift?" asks the princess.

It's fucking awful.

She holds the book out and it vanishes.

"You seem to still remember. How long can you remember we've been here? In this library?" she asks.

([i]Ominously.[/i] It's meant to be ominous. Our princess needs to try a little harder.)

(We're going to send them somewhere now. We have a dank tome here.)

(The following story was originally told from the perspective of an ancient and a warlord.)

(Amazon tribes and dying men, warriors fighting and failing, the seed of humanity drained from raping their overlords and finding they were getting raped.)

(Technically, it's the Tome's story of sentience. Enigma's seed was planted in the fate of mankind when he... seeded Dread. To heck with that.)

*****
[hr]

[u][size=130]Chapter 1, Title: Vixen Snacks[/size][/u]

[u][size=115]C1, Scene 1: Battle Preparation[/size][/u]

[i]I'm Shay.[/i]

"Hey. You. Why are we here?" I ask the goddess.

(He forgets. They've traveled to a little play, a sandbox for our amusement. Now he'll believe he's an Amazon.)

"Mother. I'm leaving. Thank you for making dinner." I wave to the goddess and leave the house.

"Don't call me mommy. Now come give me a kiss," she says.

"Ok." I kiss her goodbye. She's like... a rental mother. I guess. Secondhand.

I am a pup being raised to be a warrior in this Vixen village. I'm barely a sprout at five feet tall. 

(He's well over eighteen years old, but he thinks he's a child.)

The girls mature much faster than the men, that's why they're so tall.

Illmuire is laughing at you. (Umm. Coquettishly. Your dick gets harder hearing it.)

(He's going to get used up so much. Amusement involving the Vixens. Dread. The other tribes. We'll try not to spoil it.)

I have spontaneous erections even when I am without. I hide this one by slowing down and I think to myself. Letting it swing around would be a flag, something for the vixens, I'm not prepared.

I've been trained to lord over the domesticated. My mother for one. I'll help my Vixen kin venture forth conquering the known world. It would be shameful if the story began with them conquering me.

The Desert Amazons worship beasts and the like. We've taken on a fox of the desert mentality. The females are known as vixens. The young boys are pups. So, collectively we're Vixens.

Besides the roof over my head I tend to my livelihood, I go to the grocery store to eat. I go to the salon and wipe oils over my skin to stay clean. I put my linen on shelves at cleaners and wear a new fresh wrap. I walk in the the desert with sunlight. I've become quite accustomed to the glare in my years. I have not been trained by master as apprentice. I have been told that some interest is taken in my skills. 

I'm still too young to venture into the general populace. I'm off to the sanctuary for now.

The group of pups I sit with are talking about vixens, as usual. They direct their much ruder comments loud enough that the vixens hear them.

The vixens are quieter. What are they talking about?

(The vixens grow up with whispers of men, their prized pleasure organs, and how men get hard. What they dream of those men doing, how they should play with themselves to be prepared before allowing them in, where the men can put things.)

I take time away from the group of pups training myself. Sticks and ropes, tying and climbing. I think I'm in pretty good shape. 

Who's this trying to get my attention? A female instructor? She's big.

She comes up to me and begins talking in riddles. I try my best to keep up but she's jabbering. My eyes are drawn to her tits. There's a few too many strings loose on her clothes. I bet I could beat her in a duel. Her craftsmanship is sloppy.

"You're distracting me. For honor?" I challenge.

(She was playing with him. She was being nice. She outweighs him and she's about two feet taller.)

She takes up a bare-handed stance. If I draw blood I'll win. She's not very well oiled at all. I could win.

She lifts her right knee. My weapon's a little wooden sword compared to a real thing. I swing it from below to cut her. Her foot comes out too quickly and shoves me aside.

"You win," I concede. The vixen could crush me.

She puts a hand on me and it feels too gentle. She's hugging me. Getting my butt touched while being hugged by a woman who should be instructing me. She is saying more riddles.

We're in public and she's groping my butt. "Thanks. I think that's enough." I smile and offer her sincerely. She keeps talking. "I haven't understood a thing you've said." She's getting serious. I don't know what's happening. I hold her back to calm her down. My lower half is feeling hot. She's groping my butt more and massaging it.

The pups talk about how the vixens look and we think which ones are going to grow up to be fine ladies. Like this fine vixen touching me. This behavior from a vixen like her. I think she wants me to give it back to her. Ok then, I grab her butt. She smiles and we stand there rubbing one another on the butt.

She won't expect it. I spread her asscheeks and slip a finger along feeling the heat of her and touching her well-oiled anus. [i]Did I do that?[/i] She squeezes my butt and very gradually does the same. I think we've entered dangerous territory.

"What's your..." (name)

My dick starts to erect.

(How long will it be before one beds them?)

She stops talking. Her lips are like nightcrawlers. Her makeup is like a haze of gloom. Her oiled skin is dark. She sticks out her lower lips and lowers her eyes to mine. My penis slowly shoves its way up between us. I'm staring at it. I can't believe she's looking at me this way. We're in the middle of a courtyard. How many people are going to see my first time?

The cloth covering my cock is let loose, exposing me. Her hands are all over me. Her face comes closer to mine while she's touching and she decides to go for it. She gets down, and she teases my hard erection. I'm incredibly hard. She kisses at the tip of my cock and below the glans and she struggles with my boner she encouraged before holding it on her tongue. She sticks out her tongue with the tip of my cock rested far enough inside she has it caught and looks up. A big woman. Her big lips already surrounding my cock. I can see her oiled skin ripple as the clouds shift.

I think my expression is clear. I reach up to touch her strands of oily hair.

She takes a long drag of my cock's head and lets it go. She looks flustered. She's got to be about as turned on looking as I felt. That feeling of her lips. Don't take that from me.

"Don't," I beg for her to keep going.

She just says, "Shh. Shh." Having given up on talking riddles to an invalid.

We haven't been caught by anyone worth noting. None of the pups or the younger vixens.

Was she waving to her own group of friends just now?

We go into a small inlet on the sanctuary's side. She presents herself to me like an animal would. Her lower-half exposed, her crevices in view, she's leaning forward enough there can't be a mistake.

I know it's ok to have my way with her.

I have a really mean trick. I trail my cock at the entrance of her anus. We're both oiled from bathing. She twitches and sounds excited. If I told her I never had sex before it'd be a joke to her so. I press the head of my cock at her dirty hole. I push it downwards and it slips past into her baby maker. I think I'm pretty clever, keep them guessing.

(She'll remember that move when she has her way with him, too.)

She has generous hips and I play with them while my dick is massaged. It feels pretty good. I can see why people do it. Her insides rub it around in ways I doubt can be accomplished by hand.

She moans. She twists her body and slows down. She's panting. She quickens and the shake of her ass is incredible. I'm thrilled by her sudden burst of excitement. I'll match her energy and shove it in faster. It's intense. And she finishes.

I tell her, "Oh baby I want more."

I hear breathing behind me. There her friends are. She gets off my front and they start jabbering. I notice while talking they're touching each other and rubbing their thighs together. Were they watching?

They come closer and they touch me. They're discussing something. Honestly, I don't understand why they can't talk to me normally.

"Do you all want to do that?" I ask. Oh they thought that was funny. I'm a little upset. One of her friends with reddish lips comes to my face. It's like a deer trying to lick my nose. Oh, then the others do it.

"What is the point of this?"

They get it in my mouth. Are they actually younger than me?

(Mhm. They are. We made sure the slutty vixens he encounters now are easily wiled.)

The four new women present themselves like you might expect in a (pinup magazine) brothel. After they show me everything about their fantastic bodies they've come to know, they lean forward letting me see everything I needed to give them what they want.

# the instructor was a pretty well endowed woman
# I remember having sex with all five women one after the other

I take the woman built like a deer. Her thin waist beckons to my hands. I'm staring down her tailbone while she waggles her hips inserting me. I don't know what to do while she carefully moves caressing my cock through her insides. I look up at her hair and her shoulders.

"Guhhh." I feel my groin loosen. If I didn't know better I'd think I was going to piss. I tighten up only for it to happen again. "Guhhh," I repeat. My strong sexual muscles contract, but only partially, I'm able to tighten them at will. My cock flexes inside her and she struggles as it bulges. "Vixen lover, have you ever felt a man like me?" (A young one.) I meant to sound smart but I made her laugh some more.

She gets into a giggling fit and twerks her lower body. Fine! I accept. I shove it into her with equal force. She squeals and shakes her hips. Too heavy. She pushes back. I think I'm not ready, I'm on the verge of pulling away and giving up. She stops.

"Take mine," says the next vixen.

I shake my head once. [i]No,[/i] I think. [i]It's for the future of the tribe.[/i]

She's not presenting. I come over and grab her butt. She starts talking to the others. Her hands find my oiled prick. Ow it's so hot feeling. I notice it's not hard enough. She's stroking it until I'm fully erect.

She gives me the sign I was looking for and even bends forward enough I have all the leverage in the next heat. Is this really sex? She gasps and whines. I don't know why but it's reassuring. Each time I push in she gives me another gasp and a high pitched moan or a word or a yelp.

I should thank her, because. My groin loosens in her. I don't flex to stop it. I feel the pressure of my blood flow course into it. It feels really good. I relax while she's letting out impassioned twangs of her breath. Oh!

Oh what the hell is this? A couple of women are doting on me. I'm balls deep. The split of her rear-end is wide around my hips. Her butthole is a sight. She's thrusting back at me.

"Oh fuck! Oh!" she's crying about.

What? I can only imagine, something she wanted. Stuff spills out of her and a jolt of cold chilling my legs. I feel my own crotch muscles shaking and my loose groin contracts suddenly too aware stuff is pouring out of me.

"OH FUCK!" I yell.

She stands up and bounces up and down on my throbbing orgasmic shaft until I cool off. It feels like a disturbing spike of energy being handed back and forth between us. I hate it. "Take it. Take it." I tell her. I don't want to keep it.

She sits back into me and grinds her hips. I see her face better now than before and she has a really healthy grin on it. I'm being held up by two other women or I'd fall.

One final vixen has leaned against the inlet. Her body's quite nice. There's a smooth stretch of skin, like the smoothest skin I've seen, along her side. She's got a build like a dolphin. (She's not too muscular and her curves are gentle but apparent. Her butt's not very large.)

"Excuse me. I'll pleasure you now." My penis is still not ready. I play with her labia and push my limp cock against it.

She's willing to show me how capable she is and moves around. She fingers herself. Eventually I'm erect.

The big oiled up woman comes over and caresses my butt. She strokes my cock when it's already hard. She helps put it in and continues playing with my anus. What is her problem?

I have sex with the dolphin-vixen (she's like a really well tanned supermodel) and the woman behind me is distracting me with these nasty advances. I finally have the courage to my my arms lower to enjoy the shape of her toned body. What?!

I reach back to stop her from sticking something in my butt. Her face is there. I'm balls deep and getting my ass eaten.

The vixen on my front notices something's happening. Maybe she felt my cock stiffen. She picks up her pace and screws me until my groin relaxes. She shakes her hips once or twice contracting her insides around me and stands stunned by a sensation powerful enough, I can only imagine it's like what I felt before.

The sensation grows stronger until I'm about to do it. "I'm going to cum inside you." I am losing control and my movement is stilted. She pushes back against me and I can't thank her, because I feel like I'll throw up, then my ass relaxes enough I feel her tongue slip deeper. I clench my abs and my groin gives in. The muscles at my lower hips start flapping and clapping her while I rattle a moan and slur. I don't really know what happened. My legs have been soaked in the sweat and oil and other fluids between us.

They each come give me a kiss and say what I can only assume is their name. If I could write their names here and leave this fortune of pleasure for them to reclaim I would.

Each one allows me a chance to dwindle on their faces. But I can't tell which ones I sired.

You're probably the reason I become who I am. I want to thank you, so much.

Should I thank a vixen after having sex with her?

I didn't have a chance. They left soon after.

(He won't remember.)

--

I return to my skulk of pups.

The bantering continues. Someone in my group raves, and the rest holler rowdily to catch his enthusiasm so I look around.

They can't tell that I just had sex. They didn't notice any change in me. But I notice. I'm looking at the budding vixens in the sanctuary. They're already so full and they're not so much different from the women who I slept with.

I get up from our place of rest, a type of couch with a straw bedding. I still have plenty of energy, I could probably sleep with a dozen. There's a vixen by herself.

"Hi. Can you stay with me?" I ask. I think it's obvious what that means.

"I'm going to the grocery," she says.

"For a snack?" I inquire.

She shrugs and walks away.

I guess my appeal to the vixens here isn't really what I thought. Even so, she said she'd get something to eat. Maybe my group of pups are just about ready for something. On second thought.

"I'm headed to the grocery alone," I tell them.

There's the young vixen, probably my age. It's hard to tell at the sanctuary. I come up next to her. She sees.

"What are you here for?" she asks.

Ok. Maybe I won't be grab ass about it and I'll tell her. "Have you wanted to see a dick? I'll show you my dick. You can put the carrot down and feel the real thing."

She laughs (an annoyed laugh).

"Have you trained?" I ask. Something tells me she hasn't. She reacts defensively crossing her arms. I can tell, she's a slacker, her ass isn't even that toned. "I bet you sleep better than you hold a rake." This has nothing to do with sex but she takes the bait and argues.

She pushes her body against mine. "I'm bigger than you," she says.

I look down, she's wearing lifts.

I grab her arm and catching the attention of a few people we end up standing just outside the grocery, still technically within the sanctuary, but it's not like anyone ever said not to... I shove my hips into her. "Do you want to do it? I know how." My penis is getting stiffer. She doesn't know, she shakes her head. So I take her hand.

I stick it in my pants.

We stand like that. For a good minute.

"You need to do more, get on your knees and touch it all over. Come on."

She will learn what the other vixens already know. She shakes her head. "Don't doubt me. I've already done it. Come on." I help her and we move further along away from the grocery into the shade.

My penis is all the way out. I show her how to stroke it by squeezing her hand. "Twist while you tug at it and then suck on the tip." She looks startled when I flex it. "Don't worry about that. Do as you're told." She tries to lick it for a while. Her technique is, bad!

I rub her crotch for a while. I think this isn't working. There's something wrong about us. I stop.

But now she's all over me. She's standing really close waiting for- "What's next?"

"I don't know."

She follows me a few steps and she gets in front, asking, "There's something else, isn't there?"

"I really don't know."

She doesn't ask but she touches my penis more.

So, options, I can wrestle her and say it's a joke. I can tell her to get against the wall and begin penetration, even though she didn't look like she knows what's happening. This immature brat's more trouble than I thought.

(Pseudo rape warning.)

I push her face away and she laughs. Wrestle then. I take her down. I take off her lifts. Now she's half a foot shorter than me. (There is no concept of rape. How convenient.) People are watching, clapping, the pup's beating the vixen, how novel. Her face is getting dirty and she's shouting in shock. I slap her sides. Thick!

Her clothes are already off. Since I got them halfway off before starting this. How much oil did she use in the washroom? Enough. She stops struggling and I ogle her body extremely tense. My pants are off already. The crowds form a solid wall of mostly vixens.

"Fuck her."

Am I hearing right?

"We'll make sure she's ok. Just... fuck the vixen. We're watching."

"I like her cute sash and hair. Do you think he'll pull on them?"

"Look at her butt. She didn't shave it. Her butt's not trained."

I'm looking at the things they're mentioning and the only thing I can tell is they're not separating. They don't think it's over.

I say, "I'm going to have sex with her now. Ok... ok."

She struggles and cries. I grab her elbows and hold them as I put it in her. I tell her, "This is the part where we have sex. This is the part you were hoping for."

Splat. My hips smack into her. Her butt's not very deep and I see her anus stick out. The crowd's quiet. I feel it coming. My mate's immature. She isn't doing any of the things the grown vixens were capable of.

I admire her tan and her lean shoulders while pumping into her from behind. Her face is on the ground with her hands covering it. I hear her get louder and her legs shake. [i]This is it she's really going to climax like the other vixens![/i]

She screams and screams. Someone in the crowd puts a hand on my back, to make sure I don't slip off.

"I wish the men had knots like... you know, so we can all climax like that without the dick popping out halfway."

That's the last thing they said before leaving. A few stood around to watch me cum in her. But, I think she showed me up.

When I came she started breathing harder and made an exquisite sound like she enjoyed it far more than her own. Is she for real? I'm basically knocked out and she's finally getting into it.

"Should we keep it a secret?" I ask.

She shrugs, "I don't expect it to matter," she says while her cunt runs dry.

(They don't know much. She doesn't get pregnant from him.)

--

I'm a grown man now. My skin's bronzed. I have slept with many vixens. I've learned they enjoy the taste of men more than the climax.

I've gotten into many fights with such erotic outcomes. Just removing their clothes is a good show, but pressing them to force a full course of mating is delectable.

Coming of age, every Amazon has become stronger. Now I'm among grown-ups. I've done a brazen job of keeping my exploits to myself, but even with the circulated stories, there's really no way they'd believe me.

We can go to adult places now. 

Just stepping out of the sanctuary. My colleagues become erect.

Naked vixens. Female vixens easily spend their whole adult life in the nude unless they're indoors. There are some exceptions. And some of the vixens are not just bold, but incredible. I have a hard pecker as well.

"Hey I bet we can find a place where they're more... you know. Ready to shuck our stalks."

Screw that. I walk up to the woman who made me hard. "Miss I am mourning for the one I love is dead. Your beauty has enchanted me. I was almost ready to die as well." It's not really a one liner. She's finally paying attention to me. She's a shining gloss with trembling peaks. I've never seen a woman walk around on display in war paint. "Have you been looking for someone to sit upon? The conquest out there can't be any better than the one right here." She looks a little dazed. Her eyes sink.

Does she think she has to sleep with me now? I shake my head. I think I made a mistake.

She takes my hands gently and proceeds to kiss me. Then she squeezes my ass.

(She thinks he's challenging her to fuck him. And if he were a woman it'd be debatable who'd win.)

She gets on top and easily takes me in. I sigh relief as she first brings herself around me. She's able to grasp my shaft and stroke to milk it. Then she gets into a rider's galloping pace.

Her tits bounce while screwing me in the middle of the road. She fingers herself and looks around. I think she sees my friends.

That's right. Watch as I get shucked by this full blown warrior.

She grabs my arms an her face comes to mine kissing me while she's gyrating. The bellybutton contact is smearing her oil and she's getting her lips all over me. She breathes harder and works herself along my shaft and each time she pulls out the sensation grows like a bladder expanding ready to empty inside her.

She just keeps fucking. I think I'll cum and her pussy clamps down hard. She edges me up and down slightly until I'm about to cum again. She stops and lets the blood flow back in before she strokes it some more.

I grab her and push her to the ground. But in a moment she's rolled back on. Thankfully that's all I needed to start climaxing and her pumping rhythm only helpfully milks my cock. I sigh relief. Another vixen slut under my belt.

"I'll come with." She offers.

I shake my head, but my friends, they're new.

"Yes, a vixen in our group already? Amazing. You did a great job Shay. You are the man."

Alright then.

--

After she banged me, she stayed. She had to have an ulterior motive. Not a single vixen stayed around for anything besides seconds, or thirds.

I get tired of the charade quickly.

"Fuck my friends, now. It's all thanks to sluts like you. The Vixen Tribe will expand because of voracious sluts. So, take their virginity. I know that's why you came with us."

Some amount of confused reactions all around. We find a nice place to sit and she takes each of their laps.

All three of them.

She gets on and undoes the first one's cloth. It's like watching work of art, then her tits start to bounce. My friend's voice is, strange, is that how I sound?

She gets to work on the second and his pants are down early. I come over and she plays with my cock while doing her stuff. The remaining Amazon man of the group joins me.

She looks very satisfied. She gets up. She presents herself bending forward and holding her legs.

"Don't mind if I do," I say. I take her before the last virgin has a chance. As pretty as always, the view of the vixen's posterior moves quickly to pull me in. I start doing the work. She's pushing off the ground.

I stick a thumb in her anus and grope her. She grunts and bucks her hips. I pull her wide to the side before letting go and slap her rear. "See. This is the way to satisfy the [i]ladies[/i]," I inform my inexperienced friends.

She hits me harder with her butt and uses the muscles at her disposal to finish me. I let her. I relax. I feel it seep out of me until I'm flexing my anus and my penis is too sensitive. It comes out like in spurts, I really feel like it shouldn't be that way. She shakes her hips. [i]Is she? Nah. She's just trying to get me to cum.[/i]

Then she does the last one, and she's gone. She left us there.

"That was impressive," I very sarcastically tell my friend. "I didn't know you could cum just from one ass clap. Did you even get it in?"

"Come on," I continue mildly, "we'll try to find someone more our level. She was pretty intense. She was a little too battle ready." I think I might have finished a little fast too so I make some pretty good excuses. "They can make you cum with a look, or any part of their body, if you stare long enough." I think these are valid.

"Like that time I told you about," 
someone is ready to agree with me. "The tutor was fucking me with her eyes. I lost my virginity that day. But this... Was a whole new experience. I'm pretty glad we met. Where'd she go?"

--

We go to a brothel, or about as close to one as it gets for Vixens. We go to a vixen washroom (a brothel).

After eating or working, women from this tribe and outsiders raised as Vixens come here. We get a good show of the available goods.

We dare not go in after that last experience. We wave and try to get the attention of the vixens who'd be interested in coming to the grocery store or going to the park. Maybe there we'd have a chance to get a proper mano-a-mano experience and take the lead.

If she's a proper and loyal woman, maybe we'd be better mates. It's a chance.

We are almost adults now. They seem to find us rather attractive too going by their actions.

A pair of women stand in front of the washroom luring us in. Their fingers in their mouths. Playing with one another's tits. They fluff up their hair. They look excited enough. Maybe we should.

"Let's go to them," suggests someone else in my group.

"You just experienced your first time," I tell him. "Are you absolutely certain that this is the right moment to throw yourself in?"

"Come on. We had an amazing time with her. These women aren't so tough. Let's churn butter."

Uhh. "Oh you mean because the seed oil's all butter churned by dicks!" I'm so annoyed I have the urge to kick him. What's with these euphemisms today?

There are women going in and out all the time. He's lost his mind. I can understand.

"Listen to me," I explain. "If you haven't even learned how to say no to one woman. They'll eat you alive." Although I'd only be guessing.

They go. I find myself following them. We go in.

--

There's the usual oil rubbing, hair brushing, and something I haven't seen before. The women are teasing each other.

I stop to watch as a young looking vixen and her comrades compare their bodies. They gesture nipple sizes and start trying to make them as erect as they possibly can by pinching themselves and each other. They're really working them up. Their breasts are plump ripe with fat long nipples hardened and they bounce around touching each other. They even poke each other to tickle one another with them. 

Watching it is enough to get me going.

I've been there a few minutes. I have no idea where my comrades went. I should probably escape to safety.

They start touching each other lower. I stop. I'm watching. They're reacting to the touch. Is this something unusual?

They push away at the prodding and eventually scatter to the side. One comes close to me at the doorway.

I cover my tented crotch and hold still. She looks at me and acknowledges I'm there with a submissive backstep. She sees my face and opens her mouth in a smile.

I'd better go.

I see someone thrusting at a bedded woman lying on her face. I didn't think that my buddies would be so rough but she likes it.

It wasn't what I thought.

They're on a massage bench. The woman rubbing oil on her is aggressively shoving her hips like well, a man penetrating her.

Strange.

She puts her weight in more spreading the butt out of the way and continues rubbing her mons and the woman's lips together. If she had a penis, this would definitely look like sex.

A woman touches my shoulder. "Massage please."

How can I... looking all over her. She's already been oiled in a deep reddish coat. She has a nice fragrance. Her hair's been done well. I carefully wave my hand to assent.

I give her a massage on a bench and greedily see to every last curve. There's more oil here so I rub it on myself before I get behind her. She's been so well rubbed down her body must be completely relaxed.

Now there's that other part of her. It's a part I am very interested in. The other women do it, it's expected right?

I work my fingers into her nethers. "Oh," she starts to moan. "It's been a week."

I have no idea what this number meant. She hasn't had a massage for a week?

(She's been celibate for a week.)

I pay close attention to her lips and feel her crotch entirely. I work my fingers around the corners an rest my wrist against her pushing in. I slow down as my arousal reaches its peak. I can't keep massaging her properly. I think I understand what the woman was doing.

My penis in hand, I rub it into her. It's going on. She shouts like it's an amazing feeling. It usually takes a moment to start feeling good for me with so much lubrication between us so I proceed to rub her back while slipping a long penis in and out of her. Eventually she calms down and sounds a lot more like she did when we began the back massage.

She's calmed down by the time I start losing control of my hips. I occasionally buck, only shoving it in deeper and holding my breathe before my contraction relaxes. Any one of these times I'll cum right in this vixen. It's not a game. I'll definitely finish inside her. I think by now she's caught on. Her attempts to stay coy and hold her breath as I thrust off-beat are failing. It's like we're both anticipating a climax. Whose?

Her cunt grabs my dick and milks me when I shove it in. She's making her own effort now. It can't be long before we find out.

She reaches back and spreads her butt. She's fingering her butt. I help and rub it for her. She gets up. Slightly. I see her feet go under. She's in a horse-fucking position, on her knees. That means... she's accepted me as her stallion!

I press back on her and she's able to move her back freely. The next time I buck and my groin contracts she keeps moving and the intensity escalates to the point I moan. She looks back and then turns away quickly lowering her head. She quickly angles her shoulders and thrusts her ass back into me repeatedly.

I'll cum in this mare. This vixen. This horse-fucker. I'm standing up leaning into her. When I cum I have to moan as loud as I can possibly—

So that's exactly what happened.

—And she's still fucking me for several minutes after I climax. I'm the one shouting in pleasure!

Vixen sluts are insatiable horse fuckers! I start spanking her and my dick gets hard enough I cum twice. I tell her she's a horse-fucking vixen slut.

"Stud."

--

(Female Amazons are even more aggressive when they begin challenging other females for dominance...)

"Stud."

After both of us loudly fucking on the nearby benches the women slapping their hips together take interest. The one lying down asks me for a 'personal massage.' The massage part already good and finished by her masseuse.

[i]All they want is penetrative sexual intercourse.[/i]

I'm with another woman already. I'm having sex with the first woman I saw getting massaged. Her partner's hip thrusts only made her hornier. And they caught me. I wasn't about to turn her down.

She was trying to get me to screw her ass too.

"Horse," I suggest.

She gets into the horse-fucking position and we can work together. After cumming three times in the first woman, my penis takes an extra-long ten minutes or so before I tense up. She slows down instead of forcing my climax.

"Spank me," she demands. "I'll help you cum if you spank me."

Help me? Fine. I slap her ass red. With more oil applied the stuff splashes off. She's jerking her hips harder now and I reach that moment of displeasure in my inability to continue.

She's going at it. Her ass presses back and pulls me in. I thrust into her deep from on top of her and reach that point again. She shakes her ass for several minutes, it's something, I keep spanking her until I orgasm. Exhaustion strikes me. Then she continues to move her hips normally. She makes approving noises and jerks off my post-ejaculated dick with her pussy until I have to pull out.

Her fingers come down under her and she rubs there.

"What's that spot?" I ask.

"Clit."

Live and learn (and forget).

I get out of the washroom now, before anything else happens. I take one final good look at both women who took me in a horse-fucking position (because chances are I've impregnated them). The one I didn't screw is playing with her hair coyly. Nuh-uh, not happening right now. I retreat smiling at her until she's out of sight.

---

(There are women of stature and beauty paramount none surpass. It's difficult to seduce one without a rebounding. They frequently become the most seduced ones. Small alliances are required to entice beauties such as these.)

I'm training in a courtyard and I see a vixen pair duel. The victor of the duel is such a beauty I can't take my eyes off her.

I haven't cum for a fortnight. Her ravishing form while fighting and now after it has ended. If she looks as good in bed I'd let her try.

"Miss," I offer.

Her friend holds me. "Umm." They're seriously going to...

This motherfucking cock sucking vixen slut is motorboating my nuts and slapping her lips against my shaven mound. Bitch you're gonna pay.

"Uwaaau." I petulantly squeal. I get a good look at the face that's about to force me to cum. "Remember... I."

She strokes her lips up and down. She's not going to give me a shot at her backside she's just going to.

She shoves her face down and swallows repeatedly. Her tight esophagus and tongue neatly milk the head of my cock and I'm now on the verge of a climax, but she's already sucked the seminal fluid from my prostate.

They let me go.

Her friend gets into a wild looking fit and takes a posture on the grass just as manic, and she leans into her elbows shaking. She's really eager.

(Adrenaline from the fight and now this.)

"Mate her. Horsey," the beautiful woman who sucked my cock says. "she's hungry for a man."

Sometimes an unexpected alliance can form!

I slip my cock in and put my hand on the back of her head to avoid slipping. To the victor —go the spoils?

Her shaking and tottering as I try to grind gets in the way of our enjoyment. I slip out before deciding to try differently.

She's naked but for the belt with her wooden pole.

I slip the pole out and thread it between her elbows. She's even less comfortable now. We're able to have sex like that. Her back is steadied. (Her shoulders are getting stretched as she bears her force into the bar-restraint.) And she likes it, a lot.

How wet her pussy is, I've had a few like her. I climax fully as her insides slip, and after a while, I finish.

Knowing what I do now, I rub her clit to help her finish before she's able to remove her restraint. She stops resisting and only her legs are unable to stop moving. She makes a sound like a pang of grief or sorrow escaping her nostrils which I take for a good sign.

There's a little murmur of approval from either vixen. She's still lying down.

(Amazonian upbringing demands receptive minds and bodies. The training and play is necessary as much as it is enjoyable. They will be molded in the battles ahead. At least, the women will.)

"That thing you did, at the end. I'd have it too," says the beaut'. The victor of the duel has made a demand.

I'd have it met, too. I reach for her stick.

She dodges.

"Let me bind you," I say. She doges. "What the fuck is your problem?"

We get into a fight. I take the loser's stick. The thing is...

Men train a lot more.

She brings hers close to my face and I slap it away. Her incredibly long legs are able to kick me. I'm not afraid of getting injured, in most places. I pull my cloth to cover up my dick. She, on the other hand, does the opposite and un-lashes her belt. She tears off her top. My penis is uncomfortable.

I try a lariat running forward, but the fucking loincloth tickles my dick. I jerk my legs in and half-ass it. She easily deflects the stick with hers, and having cut it short I'm in no danger.

I push her and I think I found her weakness. Despite her size, close up, her balance is a little off. I pump the stick with both arms held flat and she falls.

It's a beautiful mess. Her tits and hair hit the ground.

"It's over right?"

(The Amazonian men are too simple-minded. They're so easily seduced into bed. It was possible for a woman to bed a hundred men and finish her chores, leaving them useless.)

She assents. She gets into position, chin to the ground, ass presented. I swallow hard. I couldn't possibly have higher expectations now. I thread her own stick between her elbows. She let me. I'm really going to have sex with this vixen. I take in her beauty from this position and I feel the pang of an ejaculation. She mewls and gently moans rather than remaining completely docile.

Oh you clever vixen slut. I feel her clit so she remembers what she asked for. I tell her, "That's what you want. Earn it with this." I slip my cock into her and feel her body completely under my control. I can't really imagine a more beautiful woman right now.

I hear her friend crooning. She's just as excited to see the bounty of flesh violated. My dirty thoughts betray me, for I'm about to...

Why is it happening like this? Why's it so intense? My contraction at the base of my penis, capable of retaining an erection, stops the flow of cum as my nethers release. The head of my prick's sensitivity increases. I flex to keep it together. I make a stupid noise. "Faawwwwn." Breathe. Breathe! "Fawwww!" It feels like my guts were squeezed out through my penis. The promise exiting the tip.

I push my hands against her bottom and her buttcheeks spread out revealing another inviting hole.

"Uuuwaah," I shout another few strange notes retreating from the beauty of it all.

Reaching down, I spread the oil around on her clit. She murmurs approval and gradually reaches the point where she's making such a racket. My pride swells. Deep inside as it were. My dick's hard enough I can continue thrusting at her to both our enjoyment.

"Goddamn! Vixen. Take my dick like you did a minute ago," I demand. And foolishly put myself back in her grasp. She didn't really have a chance to say no.

I slip in and out of her while she's restrained and feel for her inside with the tip of my cock. I reach around and rub her clit to hear her approval. Granted. (She approves of the rubbing more, but she likes the fucking, too.) She's able to move her hips a lot more than expected and bring me to climax as I fiddle with her. This time, I'm much more prepared and groan a long orgasm out while trying to plunge into her as deeply as possible.

I grope her tits and give her backside a love bite after cumming. I would be greatly satisfied to know I had more of her than anyone else, if there were even possible.

--
(There were outliers, men who wear linen like a little boy. They were miserly. Untrained. Rejects. They're frail potted plants with shallow roots. They're left alone in wartime, they're allowed to join for pleasure during festive times. With such encouragement, such men try to increase the festive times. They had agriculture, but their pie-in-the-sky notions didn't bring on the rain, it didn't fill the canals. So tradition never changed.)

I'm going to war and I'm just about settled in for the night. My rental mother's in bed with me.

"Kiss me goodnight like you've never kissed a woman before." My mother's really enjoying my adult body. She runs her hands around it. "You know. There are rumors..." This can't be good. "It seems like a young pup has made quite a name for himself."

"What do you mean? I'm an adult. A well-trained warrior now. I've made a name for myself, as a man."

"And quite a name," she agrees. "Why have you never invited any of your vixen mates over?"

"Over? Over? What? We fuck wherever the linen falls, mother."

"Isn't that so."

She takes off her linen top. I've seen the view many times.

"Before you go, tomorrow, the linen in this bed shall..." she doesn't finish.

"Fall?" I offer.

She caresses my leg. My underwear's on. I guess she means to...

"What makes a goddess so horny about war, when she doesn't leave the home?" I ask.

She tells me, "I believe you've misunderstood. The linen will fall. But not mine."

So just oral sex??

Women start walking into the bedroom. I think I should recognize them. I don't.

"How many did you sleep with?" mother asks. "You never had them come over."

I shake my head. I tell her, "I don't know any of them."

(He's telling the truth. But... there are at least four who really slept with him, that have been recounted.)

They start trying to remind me.

"We met in the washroom." "And I was there, too."

"We met at the beach."

"You made love to me on horseback."

"I gave you my first kiss-to-a-man. Then I gave you my first kiss-to-a-man below."

"You said I was your vixen slut. It meant a lot."

"Horsefucker. You asked for the horsefucker position."

A super-doll tells me, "You beat me in a duel after stealing my heart. So I gave you..." She's pregnant. She indicates her belly. Another woman next to her is pregnant.

Not that many were pregnant. But.

Their voices ring out, "We want to have sex before we go to war. We want to have sex with you one more time."

The goddess says, "This looks like it's the end. You're not getting out of this."

They come to me one at a time but cumming in each one is exhausting, to the bone. It's far too many.

The bestower held my hand the whole time.

(The princess feeds him energy to continue climaxing for every last vixen.)

But in the end. Ruined. Most of my orgasms were ruined. My crotch is covered in oils and cum.

"You drained him?" voices.

I can't go on. The fate of some men can be cruel.

"He had a drink mid-way," fading voices. "Did anyone check to see if he was awake?"

"If the dick is hard... use it."
 
--

Preparing for war. The vixens discuss their tactics.

"I really like your bikini. Mi amore."

"Clits..."
"Clits?"
"Cli..torus. clitoris?"
"Clicks?"
"No. Clits! Say it like that, 't' clu-iii-ts 'tss' clits."

"I prefer to be naked. I shave all the time anyways. Check out my fin. My fin has a very well-prou'nounc'ed clit."

"Your clit... I can't see it."

"All kinds of tail. Does it feel good if I press on it like..."

"Clits."

"Not a dry cunt in the group. Huh. When's the last time you even saw a man? Two or three days? I was sucking off a pickled zucchini before I knew it, I had brine rolling down my chin."

"You know, a cucumber is better."

"But, the wet comes out for a zucchini. I've got one! I'll show you."

They tend to each other while bathing, sponging, cleaning hair, and applying scented ointments and oils.

"I really get off on rubbing dead animals on my body."

"Like what?"

"All of it. You know, the oil and scents come from whales."

"We make our own oil out of seeds too."

"The sponge is from the ocean."

"It's more of a cloth."

"Alright. Never mind."

They apply war dressing after cleaning. They do it with makeup, water-and-plant-based paint, and then a layer of incredibly fine ground-up plant-seed jelly that coats them. Their bodies brilliantly shine wet like polished shields of pure and alloyed metal in various hues. They even reflect the glare of the sun in their favor should the enemy have their back to it.

Thankfully their training and upbringing suggests they could refrain from staring directly at their allies at such an inopportune time.

"You're so pretty I want a hug."

"No you'll get your stuff on my stuff."

"Aah! I want to see your titties more why'd you cover them? Here I'll get you a towel you can wipe it. Ow my eyes your tits are glaring at me."

The features they wish to hide are hidden in war dressing and sunlight. They look like glowing spirits outside of the shade. Untouchable. Something ephemeral and uncanny. But most important of all, they look astonishingly beautiful.

"I brought this umbrella for you. Just hold it over your chest. You're not going to keep me away."

The Amazonian tribes that sprouted up around the globe had a keen advantage in the present age of survival. Population growth was one.

"I was ready for this a month ago but..." a pregnant woman laments over growing larger during the march to battle.

"Hey speak for yourself. I still have menstrual cramps. I'd fuck just to not deal with them for, how long?"

The vixens have a unique preparation and fighting style for the entree of war. It's not a surprise there isn't a man in sight. They don't need to wear clothes, men do.

"What a pretty horse," says one vixen.

I am a horse.

(He's a black stallion. There's a bag on his back.)

[i]Hang on. What am I doing here? And why am I a horse?[/i]

"Come here baby. Do you like vixen— (quiet: pussy)? Come with me. Let's get you some vixen— (whispering: you'll get some pusspuss, freaky. Horse fuck.) Good baby."

She pats my face and takes the reins.

[i]Where am I going?[/i]

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C1, Scene 2: Operations[/size][/u]

There is a dark-skinned warrior clad in a sexy woven outfit who greets another equally-tanned, well-armed warrior from behind.

Another attractive woman comes leading a horse.

Hello. That's me. Still not sure what's going on. I don't seem to care, as long as I'm treated well.

I see the woman in cloth generously squeeze an armor clad warrior's ass from behind. Her hand squishes her glutes and she grinds her thumb in deeply spreading the anus like some kind of secret handshake.

"Not so hard. Ow. Come on. Ow." says the vixen in armor.

The vixen already there is wearing shining golden armor on her muscular body. Pads of shining gold-weave fabric similar to metal is worn in style across her. Her breasts are covered with a thin metal as well as her shoulders and hips where a pleated skirt drape down in a mini length allowing a great deal of skin and butt exposure. There's a golden armor around her midsection with decorative abs chiseled into it.

Her physical assets are equally generous as her drapery. She's muscular. Her pleats swell out at her hip revealing the size of her butt. She has well-formed mounds that spread out behind her chest protection into the drapery.

She has increased visibility. Due to her lack of nudity and long dark hair it's very easy to see her in the desert sun.

(It is Dread, the commander of the vixen battalion. She's been restored to her glory days, and we think that is to her liking.)

I think I know her as the commander. I hope she'll ride me.

The clothed one explains her presence, "Oh divine one. I am to hear your wisdom. We need orders."

She's already tightly gripping her tool made for obedience. She plays with it stroking the length with her thumb and forefinger circling around.

The 'divine one' looks right at me. I see her face and her mouth forms an 'Oh. Oh!'

The first shakes her head, startled. I guess she had more to say. Off-kilter. She explains to the commander, "There are not enough men to go around. We're running lower each day due to exhaustion from the heat. Soldiers end up fucking the men to incapacitation, too soon, or death, sometimes accidents happen."

The commander gives her orders, "Our decision is firm. We will take the men from the next town. The troops are allowed to fuck every last portly man to death immediately. That should satiate their desires. Saving the fittest men for rations as usual. We can't go starving."

While speaking, the commander pulls out a dildo and pokes her messenger with it.

(The messengers and other vixens have been trained by her, personally.)

I see her disapproval through pouty lips. 'Please don't do it.' She really wants to do what she's told.

Is the divine one that mean? She glances over to me.

The informant's bent over a rock out in the open to receive.

The dildo's smooth edge was misleading. The other half is an axially twisted cock end with a snaking leathery shaft.

She plays with the messenger. Her black snatch drools. She jiggles her tits, she start begging, and lauding "Wonderful! Wonderful plan. Please please pleeease. Make me cum." The shaft hilted into her pussy, a few pumps and her face became reddened. The skin of her wet lips are sore from the punishment of leather. She finally screams as her body shakes during climax.

Finished off, she's on the ground resting as her commander placates her. "Job well done," the divine one commends her subordinate. "Now, listen, we have a treat. I'll see to it you're completely satisfied." She motions to the one standing next to me.

I feel a tug at the reins.

"Come here," she tells me. "There aren't many men. A stud like you... You're one of a few important rations we have. And, you are even compatible."

(He's a black horse. And his dick's girth is just a little wider than an oversized dildo. He has a bag on his back.)

I don't... know what she means.

(Unknown to him is his horse genitalia have begun to pre-lubricate and precum to seed this mare.)

I'm brought to the woman leaning on the boulder. I can't see what the other two are doing, but my penis is suddenly bristlingly alert.

"He's been hard since he saw you," the one who lead me here says.

"Did he react to the pussy play?" the divine one asks.

They're fondling me, it's unbelievable. They're touching me.

The commander comes to my face. She speaks to me directly. "Cum inside her. Fuck her like a mare. Let me see what you've got," she says, and she looks excited. "I'll take good care of you."

They help me penetrate the woman half-naked held against a rock. She struggles and hands clasp her arms. "Not ready!" she denies. "No. Uhhh? Ho!"

The tip slides in and I feel her tense up and a wet slop of my pre-ejaculate spills from her immediately. My need to finish in her is unbelievable. She whines as my weight bears down on her. I plant my front hooves past her head and slap my balls into her clit. My overbearing pressure through her erogenous tunnel is filling her head and body.

I pump back and forth while I precum. Her insides slip around easily. The amount of stuff I'm putting in her does the work for us. Is she already having an orgasm?

I'm grinding her into the stone. 'Fuck her like a mare.' I'm eager to please but, I resist the urge and hold my weight off her.

She pushes back and plants her own hand against the stone. She shoves her butt up at me. This position... not quite (horse).

She pants and moans pushing up at me and I feel her womb overflowing. Her belly is expanding. The sperm comes out of her. She shakes and yells. She's climaxing. I pump in and out harder. She's cumming.

(His cock sends shockwaves through her. The overflowing sperm is cooling her nethers. The heat circulating in her belly is relaxing while his cadence fucking her is a smooth rut.)

(She feels him fill her and the dire crush of his weight. He lifts off her, she returns his love by thrusting up and him. She'll make him feel it.)

(Then a wave after wave of uncontrollable feeling makes her quake and she grinds her hips failing. Contractions from her climax begin. She releases her grip and her cunt spills. She moans loud and quickens. The contractions wreath around his thick phallus. She slides up until her hips are grinding into around his sheath feeling his wet balls touch her legs. She's certain, this is as deep as he'll go. She squeals a few more times while her contractions slow. She's been truly fucked by this stallion. She'd have his foal. His cock tickles as she slides it out.)

I see all the strength in her run out after. I want to cum in my little mare some more. Fuck the messenger.

She's laughing for some reason.

The divine one takes me away.

"You're going to help. I have a lot more mouths to feed."

(Her nipples get hard, a chill goes up her spine.)

"It's time!" she shouts at her subordinates.

She turns to me. She says, "Don't hold back in the slightest. Don't ever hold back."

I want to fuck the messenger! I want to fuck the messenger!

(He was an Amazonian Vixen and then a horse. His memory still falters.)

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C1, Scene 3: Glory | Orgy[/size][/u]

This is far from the besieged encampments where an Amazonian battalion snuck through.

The last rationed man falls.

(He was a captive, to be precise, they don't go about screwing their own men to death every chance they have. Oh, Shay? We had special circumstances, that was more our fault for offering him.)

An army of glamorous divas, deviants, damsels, dolls, and drama queens stand watching with appropriate shock and awe expressed on their faces. They have lean muscle, but their bodies are very fine and seductive, some of their features are drawn and others are plump. His limp cock and his life are drained all too soon and the onlookers groan in despair. And just a few lick their lips thinking about it, taking in his last moments with envy, looking forward to touching his body.

A fierce-eyed female warrior in extravagant jewelry and covered in war-time coats of oil sits upon him. The last vestige of the penetration fading fast as his cock shrinks. 

She closes her eyes and sighs. Her uterus elasticity never fails. There was not nearly enough cum and she drank deep from him.

This method is pretty fair. They're no slouches at war. This is love. This is their right for survival. Their weapon of choice is below their belt. Once they have their first taste, it is an ever-prevailing need to be sodden in male sperm.

(The stories... Our pleasure. They are nymphomaniacs, but it could be more.)

(The vixens feel an urgent sense of doom from abstaining. Their death from celibacy. They believe they will starve. And believe this they must. No vixen has gone hungry during our watch.)

It's a painful need. The loss of her man causes an immediate pang of hunger inside her belly. "It's not enough." She must taste another and fill her emptiness inside.

She sticks out her chest and points to a distant encampment, proclaiming loudly, "We must strike immediately. Begin the siege. If they resist, we can subdue any bitches and rape their men blind! If the men be fat enough to breed swine, fuck them to death! Remember to spare the young and hot ones..."

She paused for too long staring at the gleaming alloy-cast of women who've trained for this moment their entire lives. She denied them a chance to mate with men of good breeding. Should they listen? She mocks them.

Finally, one of them dares speak back, "What? You're telling me I can't get a pick from the litter? You jest."

The announcer smiles at this brave warrior and continues. She will remember her. Mark her.

(She'll watch her. She'll protect her in battle. She'll even fuck her when the festivities start.)

"I wasn't finished. Spare the young and hot ones... for last! You may give them all the water you wish."

There's a startled laugh.

("Give them water," double entendre.)

A chorus of cheers followed.

An Amazonian battalion snuck through to [i]negotiate[/i]. Although, through rumors and propaganda, the slut-tribes and their female caste of warriors is legendary.

(The time the tribes sprouted up is staggered but the speed which they can grow is insurmountable. This story takes place out of time, so excuse us.)

(Bestial-Vixen 'fox', Doe 'rabbit', Luna 'wolf', 
Hellenistic-Aphrodites, Sirens, Fates, and quite a few others, 
Egyptian-Cleopatra 'Ra', 
Far North-Quite a few beast-worshippers, notably as Valkyrie 'eagle' and snow bunnies, 
collectively "Amazon")

(Our quest will end among Valkyrie, among angels, in due time. Back to the story.)

A really pathetic farming village awaits their pincer force. Women are huddled in their houses. Their men are out on defense, ready to fight.

Despite the armed resistance abroad, the slut-moniker remains universal among many Amazonian tribes. Even in a no-named village like this.

Some of the village Elders sneer when a horde of seldom-dressed women show up before them under a canopy, makeshift umbrella, or ambiguous flag waved for attention. The believe the reputation of sluts to be unnatural, or an abhorrent curse.

"Whores of Babylon. We know what to do with yee's," but, they only murmur this. 'Whores' certainly. But an insurmountable fire burns in their eyes behind the paint and glamour.

The naysayers sit against their huts and makeshift brick-and-mortar fences, and they stew in wait of the outcome.

Unlike the main force, the envoys sent weren't lathered up, or nearly as battle-ready. Completely unarmed. They were dressed to be provocative. 

The men could only hide their arousal. There's confusion about what they were supposed to do. Some suggested, "Scarring them and branding them as harlots." Should they try to remain. Maybe they would reject a formal agreement resorting to invasion.

But others refrained, "There are too many. They have horses. They outmaneuvered our kingdom's army."

"We'll pay the price in food and water. We'll be lucky if half the village doesn't starve."

Arrangement or no. It was undeniable. The actions (pacifism, courage), the display of wealth on their bodies, the preparations in their invasion, and tactics required to out-maneuver the kingdom and the protective encampment sent to block them. Their loss at a strategic level has put the Vixens at their doorstep. Undeniable.

The women are immaculate, they are well fed, there's no sign of morale loss or lethargy, the women are trained to obedience. They stand straight, proud. They tower over the men as they walk past.

All this, the villagers were not.

The elders, bent-backed, sit against their huts and feel the looming end of civilization (as they know it), they think of the end of the world. They impotently hold their crotches and discuss, 'what to do' when they've already felt their defeat at the hands of statuesque 'harlots,' 'sluts,' 'whores.' The ones who remember at least, the ones with any sense remaining know the remaining options were not very favorable; eat, fuck... repeat? Not so different from life as it were, but the question remains, how long can they last?

--

The village's acting chief in command arrives.

That's me.

I woke up today and was told to get dressed for diplomacy. March to the center of town wearing ceremonial garb and negotiate with Amazons.

[i]Fuck, I hope it's not the Bitch tribe again. In the middle of maneuvering to stop a desert tribe and the usual banditry. Feeding bitches, or letting them snoop around the village for several days while they sponge off us. It's the worst.[/i]

I got on my horse and rode here. My information about this tribe of invaders is a little flimsy. So, they're not [i]Bitches[/i].

I'm here to [i]negotiate[/i]. I see a bare-chested envoy already there greeting me. So. Negotiate means.

[i]Wow she's, wow. She's really good looking. A little closer and I'll get a good view of her nipples.[/i]

They're wealthy. Not bitches?

"What hails you?" I ask. Finally able to question the immaculate splendor before me.

"Vixen."

I'm the War Chief. I drool ogling this bare-chested vixen on show. Were she here to offer a pact or discuss marital rights, to subsume our village into theirs, [i]hell yes.[/i] If they want us to negotiate terms of defeat, [i]nah, these fu— the old pricks in the village and the militants could chase out these unarmed bimbos.[/i]

(He doesn't know shit. These unarmed bimbos outnumber them and regardless, they will take their mates.)

[i]Titties.[/i]

The envoy's breasts are augmented by the best jewelry that the invading tribe could fashion. She is completely bare-chested with a crest of fancy gold and jewels framing her bust. She looks fair-skinned, unlike the rest of her cohorts. She has a fine glaze of honeyed and milky oil coating her skin. The smell is intoxicating.

[i]This is better than I could have imagined. Vixen. If the rumors are true... she'll make an offer.[/i]

She speaks, "I offer you myself and everyone you choose. Come into our camp and we will pleasure you and lavish you with gifts beyond your wildest imagination."

[i]There it is.[/i]

I get off my horse and take her hand. She'll be up on it. But right now I merely hold her hand and grant her my exuberance.

I like every part of her I see from her muscular abs to her narrow shoulders. Her ass flashing in view. She has an intricate jewel belt and finely woven silk. I take in her pinched areolae, they've sprung up to greet me, I swallow holding back the urge to devour her. I salivate at the smell wafting off her. I embrace her. I lick her chest and suck at her nipples. Fuck it, I devour her. This gives her pause. I kiss her neck under her jaw. I lick her ear. I squeeze her tits, her shoulders twist as though she'd escape, but her duty demands she remain and allow it.

Courtesy of her offering.

Her mouth. Her lips and tongue taste like honey. Of course, I go back down and work at her nipples again. The texture of it is incredibly delectable, like some of the best honeycombed confections I've tasted plus the honey. She lets the air out of her mouth in a moan. Her tits, the mammaries surrounding the areolae too, I suck around them close to the jewelry. Her jewels and decorations are coated in oils that have spilled over them and my fingers as I grab her there. The plump bosom and smooth as silk ornaments only add to the feel of her on my lips and tongue. She's a sweet honey-coated woman. Her body is covered in the stuff mixed with oils and pleasant odors.

I focus on one of her tits for the majority of the time. I want to get every last nook and sucked the sweet flavor out. What's left is a dark, incredible erect nipple thick and lumpy full of raised bump. I'd have her other nipple the same and I grope it causing her to start shuddering anew.

I must have sucked her tits for half an hour.

She is grimaced when I get a look at her. Her face is displeased. Her shoulders are tightly squeezing holding her breasts inward, but she's not fighting.

Was I too rough? Well? Was she not ready? I flick her yet sucked nipple and see it shake her. She's sensitive. I flick her nipple. She puts her hands over her crotch. She shakes her head. She bows.

I run my hand over her hair feeling the ornaments there. I feel her back and shoulders. She has decorative clothes hidden under the jewels. She's a prim sultry slut for bedding, I can enjoy every inch of her to my hearts content right here.

"Come. I'll accept," I tell her.

We get on my horse. My dick is hard, she feels it. She had a good look at it a moment ago. She offers, "If it is your wish. You can take advantage of your position, right here. One so great shouldn't carry such a burden." Something at her back prods me to be as obvious as possible she meant she wanted my dick, now.

My dick is rubbing into her tailbone through the fabric against my riding cloth. I oblige and release it. Her tailbone ornament is... annoying. I feel it with my hand. It twitches. "Stop pulling your ornament and take it off."

"That, I cannot do here," she declines.

"Well then keep it lifted up, it's in the way."

"That, I can," she lifts up her belt keeping her privates on display. Exemplary!

She takes a very suggestive position to increase her contact. Her ass is pointed upwards. Her face and arms are lying flattened against the horse's mane. My cock rubs into her curvaceous lower-back. Until I slip it under where she's able to get her folds to touch it's a tease I can't bear. I agonizingly slip the head of my erect cock past her upper plane through her smooth taint tickling her. Finally, it slips under, and she 'catches' it at her entrance. [i]The tip. Just. That much.[/i] We romp into the enemy-now-allied ranks like horny young (whatever I'm getting laid).

I think I'll pop so I put in efforts, I stops it, I signal the horse to slow among the allies as well.

She senses my intention and somehow manages to stop herself.

[i]Amazing. Impressive in multiple ways. I can't understand how. What training do Vixens have in pleasuring men?[/i]

The horse slows to a trot. Halted.

With blood in my cock, deep within this envoy of the goddesses we've rested among, I really need to finish and thrust it in. But, to my eye's bewilderment there are an entourage of gleaming naked women surrounding us. My interest in [i]the offer[/i] has renewed. The implications of choosing whomever I like.

There were some incredible figures of women in the platoon with coloration, rare jewels, and alloys that could fetch a king's ransom. It's as though they were a trove of walking, breathing, sexually active treasure, and less so a group of murderous barbarians.

She made her offer. Now it's payment. [i]I'm a total scumbag. My poor village doesn't deserve this bounty they've granted us.[/i] I smile.

A couple of tall thin women with beautiful decorative armor and bangles, with earrings, and one with hair braids and another with a metal comb. And several in shining blackened steelish sheens, they'd be able to disappear into a shadow with ease. I pick seven.

I say, having pointed at them, "If I can pick any, my appetite for women doesn't know limits. Have them come. I'll take you now." I grab her and hold it in, to her shock. My hands have found her tits again and feel the under-folds. My cock's deep in her. She's mercifully pre-lubed. "Hya!" I yell in exuberance. The height of my pleasure violating her without a care and the need to continue the trot mixing in my yell. The undulation of the horse's trot rocks us. 

[i]This tribe. My tribe.[/i] This must be like the stories of my tribe. A bandit rapes a helpless woman.

I feel up her body. I take her in as much as I can. She puts her head back down and our bodies hit together at the waist as I watch her ass bounce away each smack.

[i]It's like a fairy tale ending.[/i] As he rides off into the sunset before the happily ever after. That's when they hunt down the bandit to discover the pregnant woman.

Ugh, forgive the thought. A pregnant woman. "Nuuhh," is the only comfort I offer the primary envoy receiving my sire before I grab her neck and pull her off the horse's mane next to me. I wrap my fingers under her neck choking her and I gnash my teeth into her shoulder. [i]Forgive this[/i] my soon pregnant wife. She wails in pain, understandably. I am feeling her lower half jerking as if in climax as well. She moans from the pain in her shoulder as it seeps into her. Why I need this so bad. I bite deeper. She moans at the forceful treatment of her nethers (as well as the semen in her) and my teeth break skin spilling a vile bloody blemish out onto her pristine smooth body down her front.

I fall forward onto her digging in deeper hitting her womb. Her decorative belt sticks out in back far enough to repeatedly poke my lower belly. I'm going to make sure that comes off when I have a chance.

We reach her place of stay. I enter. The envoy's hut is spacious. I take in the fine womanly appeal of it. Drapes separating the place. Tent poles are decorated as well as the furnishing. [i]They set this up in half a day?[/i] The seven other women come in with candles from outside and place them. Warriors come with stuffed pads (pillows) and gradually form a large bed large enough half of the women can all lie down on it.

Seeing them dimly lit. The reflection of their alloy, the makeup, their coats of arms no longer prevent me from taking it all in at once. They were like unfinished pots of clay. I am pretty good at making pots of clay. I especially love to dig my fingers in deep and smell the fresh soil to determine how fertile it is.

There are eight beautiful women with me now, seven I chose on a whim, and one envoy who is sublimely armed to wage a battle for copulation between the sheets. They will pay their part of the bargain in full and more.

The Vixen envoy is a masochist. She allows herself to be completely bound and gagged on display for the rest to observe. After having cleaned her tits with my mouth, I salivate over her milky-white skin like a little hen I'm about to pluck the feathers out of and gorge myself.

I have her put her face into the pillows with her ass on display. She has a tail ornament at her tailbone. I unbuckle her belt and unhook it from her to unravel the ornaments by her waist. Her jewelry hangs off her like a skirt after I ruffled it.

It's off. Her tail sticks out even more now. Her tail. It's pretty. I can't tell why this much of it was buried under her skirt of gleaming jewels but I stop caring. This is taking too long.

I shove my face in her ass and I'm greeted with a sweet honey flavor. It tastes like bread and milk. I slip my tongue into her slit and her pie splits. A delicious smelling mix of cream and female lubricant spill out. She squeals and moans at the same time like she's already close to climax.

She is impossibly wound up after we'd copulated so vigorously on horseback. 

After her wetness spread she has delicacy of ground sweets covering her nethers. Not just honey. She was ready for anything. A delightful surprise for me. I shove my face in her ass and eat the pie baked into her crevices while the rest watch. 

She let out so much, she's still gushing between contractions. I dig my tongue in to drink from her. If I'm not mistaken, she's been having a long climax, and enjoys every bit of it. The parts of her I touch twitch in excitement and even her lips tightly wrap around my tongue to suck back while exploring her.

(What a delight for her.)

I move away and admire her tail.

Twitch. Twitch.

I can't think straight. I ask. "What is this thing?" I tug her tail. It's thick like a bundle of feathers. "Get rid of it."

"My apologies," she says. "For that, I cannot do. No matter how much one would desire."

She gets up and moves away.

She's denied my wishes, "Is this some kind of trick?"

"No trick, master. We'll see to your every need."

The rest of the selected women offer their hands immediately and bow. Although they are reclined the intent to submit is clear.

I selected them but I barely remember why.

I take them in again. 

Two tall thin women with beautiful decorative armor and bangles. Both with earrings. Their chests are quite well endowed, I couldn't tell until now, in the dim light. Their coat of oil is a sheen like smooth silk.

There's one with hair braids. None of them were comely but she had the least extravagant tangle of jewelry.

There's one with a metal comb in her hair. Her hair looks short, bound up. Seeing me look at her she takes it out spilling her long soft hair to the side. She replaces it and strokes her hair beside her neck exposing her shoulder again.
 
Three are in shining blackened steelish sheens, like shadows in the dim light. They are [i]naked[/i]. They look like puddles of wetness drenching the pillows reflecting candle light.

Together they look like a group of unmolded clay, or wet clay pots.

The envoy backed away. Watching her now she covers her face.

"I'll have you again now," I tell her.

I take out rope and walk past the group. She instinctively responds lowering her head. I see feathers sticking out behind her back and a leaf of feathers comes before her covering her body.

"What is this?" I ask.

"It's nothing," she says. [i]This is not nothing.[/i] "Do whatever you like." [i]Ok! I want to get this out of the way and...[/i]

I tie her arms and legs, I tell her, "This is what my better-trained soldiers are doing." I resist the urge to beat her in front of the other women. "You shouldn't have this." I try to take her wings away but... they're strong. I don't understand.

I stop. I don't understand. [i]What is this?[/i] "What the heck is this? What are you?" Where am I? "What am I doing?"

She has an amazing body. She has a fragrant smell. Sweet milk coloration and honey coats her. She has a decorative wing... I push her wings up and they easily move. Below... [i]Beautiful.[/i] I feel for my penis, it's hard. I'll have sex with her.

After putting it in I see she's bound. My handiwork. Very well. I have sex with her. I can't resist cumming inside her. Her insides clench around sending enjoyable shockwaves into me until I lose the will to move.

"Oh fuck [i]Amazing[/i]."

She slapped into me and brought me close to orgasm immediately. Hearing my reaction she even starts to giggle.

"I can do that..." she starts to fret, and stops telling me. She [i]shows[/i] me by slapping into my hips again ([i]Really good[/i]). "That. You like it."

She knows I like it. While the rest of the envoys watch she's playing with my climax edging me with her pussy skill squeezing my cock inside her.

[i]I have her bound at my mercy,[/i] hmm, that doesn't ring true at all, not even the slightest.

Smack. I jerk my head and clench my abs. I groan. Being brought so close to climax... was the same as having an orgasm. She adds a long stroke, knowing somehow, it would work. And I didn't cum yet, but it was making me so impossibly close I can't tell if I came because of the wetness of her spreading inside me.

(She knows.)

There are many women waiting for me. I grab the envoy's hips to... to... I rock my head back. I'm going to cum and we aren't moving, I can't stop it.

Her grip somehow retreats. Her insides open up wide enough nothing disturbs my senses and I'm able to regain composure.

(This isn't possible for a normal woman... she's an angel, a captive stolen from Valkyries.)

Her wing comes around my back like a cloud and I'm rested against it. Her ring of pink flesh still holds me in waiting for the right moment. I feel it!

"Ohhh. Oh this isn't possible. You can't be doing that."

She offers, "Say you want it, and you can have it."

[i]More of this![/i]

The rest of the women watch as I'm fucked while hugged in a cloud of feathers. They quietly admire the work their envoy displays.

I don't know how long it lasted. But I can tell you, a man would give anything just to be with a woman like this for a few minutes. I have her for a lifetime. When we've finally explored every avenue of enjoyment I can start thinking about something else.

I'll discover the children from my village tattooed with thorns in the campsite by the end of the day, over the course of a month they'll be dispersed across encampments. In the future I'll return to my village. If the grownup women there stir my desire and emotion, after sleeping with this envoy, I'll have them too.

--

(And what happens to the village over the next hour or so?)

Having walked through the encampment. The news and apparent 'surrender' of the village at the hands of the War Chief spreads quickly.

"We have captured the city," the strong woman who finished their last ration in the nearby camp speaks. "Now, to the victors, go the spoils of war!"

In a well-defended cottage, the children are rounded up. The girls are inspected, and the strong ones are tattooed with thorns. The fat or thin ones are left to reclaim the village. Imperfect. The boys aren't inspected, they join the strong girls, unmarked. Indentured love slaves. They're allowed to grow strong with the women. However, after maturing they are only breeding material. It's almost guaranteed their fate is sealed.

(This was the more careful regime. And that's enough about them until the future. Soon.)

--

(How do the vixens fuck? Like swashbuckling bandits crashing a brothel, their lust and audacity is unleashed in a frenzy.)

Terrifying.

Unlike the envoys, the encampment was prepared to fight. Their soft-bodied women, naked and lubed with dark oils enter unseen. Men are stripped by the vixen thievery on the streets and lured into soft beds, lofty haystacks, or some soft place unseen. They were ready to fight in many strange ways.

Horrible.

The warriors wearing real heavy-duty armor disrobe before feasting on newly conquered flesh. Various warriors with provocative garb, very light armor, nude. Good to go. They all have their way with men that day.

Insatiable.

Several of them enjoy one man at a time. To their lover's delight, they demonstrate what they've learned, what they've imagined he'll do. To their lover's horror, they go too far and he must break them up.

Unscrupulous.

They don't even leave each other alone to enjoy the victory.

There is a butch vixen, brazen, even covered in makeup colored in a brass alloy for the hunt. She's grinning in self-gratification. A platoon leader, not [i]her[/i] platoon leader. But it's not like there's a distinction now.

She has a satisfied grin, gratified.

She has been keeping an eye on a youthful younger warrior from the start. Stalking her prey. She's followed her out of the encampment, it's like she lost her mind. The obsession with this woman's bravery. The desire to consume her vixen ally. Her lascivious thoughts are giving her such satisfaction.

She remembers. "You're telling me I can't get a pick from the litter?" the brave warrior's words.

"Water them. Give them... Spare the young and hot ones... for last! You may give them all the water you wish," her invigorated announcement.

Yes, she remembers. She watched her scurry through all the way to here. The girl's brave, but she's also so new to this.

Following her, the stalking platoon leader of vixen sluts feels her heart pound. Nothing but growing excitement inside.

[i]I saw her beautiful blossom with my eye
Dampness softened her petals
A little water encourages growth[/i]

A little poetry
A facade
Uncommon
My mischievous smirk
Truly
Lascivious is my nature

[i]She's already overflowing
can wilt
I've never touched her
there
should
That must
change[/i]

(There's little foreplay necessary. Training for something like this is mandatory.)

While following, a glint of well-lubricated pink flashes into view. White light from the sun glinting where the ashen paint has washed off. The pink lips of her prey's underbelly frothing in girlcum. Her mark is flashing her as she trespasses right behind her with a self-impression of mystique.

(She's not trusted by women she's already preyed on, but this time, she's certain she'll have her way. This girl isn't hiding anything.)

Her own cunt, burgeoning wet and drooling. The sight of her prey's own spilling. [i]You foolish little slut. I'll water you.[/i]

[i]I'll suck... there.[/i]

She comes close, so close, almost right beside her before letting her presence be known. "Youhoo. We're almost alone now, if you scream it'll only make me excited," says the woman who commenced it all. She takes her mark aside roughly in two strong hands eliciting a shriek of surprise. "You were brave. I'll have you as you would a man. You understand." [i]You can't say no, says her eyes, glancing down now. "You have a killer lady-boner. You hot little fuck."[/i]

The aggressor is a larger woman, butch, with more of a built upper body. Her blonde hair is tight in a neat tie. Her oiled skin isn't much different from the rest of the group that parted to stealth in favor of man-soothing, a type of theft and skulkery, lasting only a few seconds, to strip their linen and then bare your naked body to them as an apology. Of course, the point is to get the man angry, get an erection, they can't deny becoming aroused, have them grudge you, and have sex with them as often as possible.

Her mouth opens as the butch vixen forces her lips on the woman's mouth she's marked. The shrieks stop.

(She's doing what? We touch ours, watching.)

The platoon leader has more aggressive tactics. Stirring drama by fucking her comrade will put them both on edge for what's to come next.

It's not always like this, but it's a stereotypical butch and little vixen drama. The power fantasies can overcome even their carnal need to devour men. They are romantic sometimes. They feel for each other in complex ways.

The smaller woman is only a head shorter but it makes her appear very young compared to the one taking the lead. Her soft long eyelashes flutter and her black tangles of hair ruffle as a hand scoops them up off her back crumpling them to the back of her neck. She tilts her head back. The leader comes face-to-face while kissing her lower-belly-to-her-mouth and her back arches fully embraced.

[i]Bitch,[/i] thinks-says the little vixen, she can't articulate. [i]Fuck![/i] She groans and murmurs disapproval being blindsided. She likes... she hates. She's loyal. [i]I'm here to fuck men, I don't want to fuck a woman. I don't know you. Vixen... definitely.[/i] She clenches her butt finally, having being given a brief moment to anticipate the next move.

Roughly dipped— [i]wait no![/i] —her hair spills, she loses balance, she's tilted back almost swept off her feet and one foot leaves the ground no longer supporting her weight. She kicks her leg and sprawls trying to catch herself from falling.

[i]Eiiiiii[/i] she both screams vocally, and with her whole body, with her audible-mouth covered it comes out her nose. And her body braces for the expected bone-crushing slam of the strong woman pinning her. This is not a completely new experience by any means.

[i]I'm getting!!![/i] "What?! Aieheehee." [i]Her fingers touched me she's groping my ass. There. There?! Where's she going next?[/i]

She startled braces and pants only to suck in more tongue and feel a hand grope her ass. Both her feet leave the ground removing all sense of control. She gently-enough drops as the woman crouches down. Then her weight is on her. It happened slowly, but the molestation and tongue-kissing is enough she couldn't concentrate, it felt so fast. She flaps her crotch feeling a tingle there.

[i]Nonono. She's too good at this, I can only hope she's a good lover. Good? She's good. I mean, not too rough![/i]

"Uuhhh uwaaaa uuh," she manages and tilts her head back. She was wet from the thought of fucking men as she snuck in to this part of the village. She was hunting for prey, only to become one, like this. This is somehow far sexier.

(Most vixens will approve of the fated encounter in retelling.)

They lie down and the one who took the lead strips off both their clothes. Both their desire is unfurled, dripping, revealed, wet lubricant, fully, clits pushing to reach the surface. Both their crotches have spilled frothing at the surface coating their oils in milk.

[i]So cute, I'll have this ladyboner to myself, I have, I have her,[/i] thinks the brazen butch molesting her prey. She slips a finger across to get a feel for the silky smooth concoction and the head of the woman she'll mount. The butch quirks an inarticulate expression on her face between orgasmic and disgust at the 
pungency (sweet), the viscous female. It's not like every day. Then she goes up seeing her touch had an impact on her prey as well.

The chest of the small woman can be held in her hands, the oil is dark and thick. The small but plump tits between her fingers, nude, hidden in ash. She wipes the oil. "Sweet," she whispers. The nipples are much easier to see, almost white by comparison, light pink. She grins and holds her head up to resist immediately sucking these tits she's unveiled so easily.

There are small sacks on belts in her way. No doubt they contain ashen black oils and fat or even grease. She removes the belts fully denuding the woman's torso and revealing her hips, belly, and upper crotch. She can shove her hand in there now without resistance. The skin's oiled and with added grease from either of their stash there's low resistance.

She can feel her pussy's own heat and need for this. She grabs the woman's leg pulls it up to her shoulder and jackknifes their cunts together scissoring her. If she had a cock she's be skewering this little slut.

"Urggn. Urrr!" both of them groan, the sensation is like... sticking something delicious in your mouth, and not being able to swallow. She'll have to chew them together.

The shorter woman moves to push back. A fury in her courtier's eyes erupts. She's forced to her front exposing her back. Her arm is lashed in a rope and she finally figures out what's happening. She screams before crushing weight prevents her. A gag follows, ready to slip in as soon as she opens her mouth. Her nose is covered. She gives in to breathe and the implement goes in.

Her arms are bound together behind her back and she can't struggle. Something slips into her anus. The weight comes off. She's put on her side.

(These things aren't survival or for breeding with men. The lead vixen must have practice. Her comrades allowed her to get this good at it. That's telling.)

The fucking continues after she's bound. What's the point of yelling now?

[i]Fine,[/i] she thinks. [i]Hurry. Hurry![/i]

"Yes! Oh! Hurry, faster!" she starts begging, slightly muffled. If two women fuck like this they can climax. It's not what she was expecting, but it'll work, she's welcoming it, she likes fucking women. This one's amazing.

The bigger woman's found her own spot and grinds her clit into the pubic bone on the shorter woman. She groans and furiously closes in on climax speeding up. "Mine. Hit mine." The woman under her tries shifting her hips to line up her clit. "I can't feel it. Help me cum."

[i]Fuck she's just going to do it on her own?[/i] the brave woman feels in anger. "Use me," she demands.

The bigger vixen breathes out satisfaction. [i]Not done.[/i] Her desire wasn't met. Noticing the mistake, she already came. The butch vixen feels for her own clit at first rubbing it. [i]Fucking yes. I won't be satisfied until I make her, too. Water... fuck it.[/i] The romantic buildup is tossed, useless now. She can use her fingers.

"Uhh. Uwwwu!" squeals the smaller woman.

[i]That's right. I'll even put them in. Enjoy.[/i]

She proceeds to finger-fuck and finger the clit of her consort bringing her to climax. She has very strong hands that easily accomplish the job. As the smaller woman gets heated closing in on that moment, she changes position.

Gag removed.

"No don't. What? What?" surprised, the smaller vixen quibbling is now face-to-clit.

The lead brings her slit down and grinds into her face until the unmistakable feeling of cunnilingus. Her ass cheeks have nestled in around her consort's face a bit as well. She climaxes fully, and proceeds to return the favor.

They quietly sixty-nine outside on the ground in a strange place teeming with soot-black ally bodies shifting around them. [i]Watch. It's a waste of your time. I'll get off if you watch. You should be fucking men... or each other.[/i] If only a man were watching them now, they could team up on him and have their way.

The rogue platoon leader says, "Hey, how about we see if someone's in this place. I'll let you wear the gag when it's your turn."

(That is it for their side-quarrel. Fast friends, we assure you.)

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C1, Scene 4: Logistics[/size][/u]

(You might wonder what went wrong. How did the Vixens surround the village so easily? Somewhere far from the peace and the village. We have our answer for you.)

I am Shay. I am a warrior.

I'm sitting atop my horse. I'm ready to fight whomever may grace the battlefield in opposition to my village. I hold a cleaver. The siege on my village has been for a few days, there hasn't been a major supply shortage yet, but it's better if we end it here and now.

We're staring at Amazons. Their tans and their shining damp skin is laughably underwhelming. They hold metal, intriguing. Their weapons are wooden and stone tools as well.

I look at my cleaver. It's but a stone ax on a gnarled branch by comparison. I will steal one of their gleaming tools for my own the first chance I get. What are my brethren thinking on the matter?

I take a look, they hold spears, knives, shears, rakes. They've been sharpened and cooked on a fire, tipped with ash or polished to look fearsome. Our tools are wet fish compared to the crafts the women have.

Unbelievable. "Look, they even wear such extravagant trinkets. And they've covered themselves in raw stone," says one of my less informed colleagues. 

"That's not stone." It's a type of stone. I don't bother.

I see the frontal assault team. Small, a group of six or eight. They have copper and iron-like armor, cloth that shines with the same hues. The bodies of their immediate surrounding, an entourage of elites in a comely group, shine in the same manner.

"I change my mind," I tell the ignorant nobodies surrounding me. "I thought this was going to be like beating starving cows. But do those look like chattel to you?"

(In truth, none of them were the greatest specimens of the Vixen armada. It's not going to make much of a difference.)

We charge. On horseback, we stampede through the foot soldiers. They crumble immediately.

I bring my cleaver down into what I suspect to be a shield only to see the woman fall from a hoof beating me. Their flags are rammed and flattened.

Fearful of my horse's legs I get off to fight on the ground. The women weren't just knocked down, they were rolling in stitches from the breakthrough we made. Only a few remained upright in a losing battle with men playing with them. We know how to take a hit, but apparently nobody ever told them how.

Have you seen a group of men tame a wild mare? The strongest women are darting back and forth trying to escape a circle that's been formed around them. The men take up the defensive then feign a counter attack, making them break for it and run to the other side. After a while they looked too tired to keep fighting and the men bring out bags and ropes to saddle them.

So many men. The women in gleaming alloys with wealth of equipment will be ruined. The pick of the litter goes to a small contingent of men all at once. Ruined.

I'm only able to take what's at hand. There's a greasy, oiled rat-like shrew. She's not nearly as good looking. I take her arm. "Ye 'fekin 'bith I'll see your clasped in chain." I string her up and examine her disgusting body.

That's not oil it's dirt. She'd been rubbed in dirt to camouflage herself. "It's the mid day are you stupid, woman. The dirt doesn't help." I rub off the dirt and her body is cleanly white.

My heart jumps. I take out a gourd and cloth and wipe her off. She has a pristine whiteness. It's as though she'd been bleached.

I can't believe my fucking luck.

I hear a comrade shout, "Look mates at this fine..." I stop listening. There's no way. What are these women. Excited yells and declarations of incredible luck. The incredible wealth. The bounty.

Then let's enjoy it. "I'll make my pig squeal before the rest of you. I swear it!" I wrench her arm back and hold under her chin so the rest can see her tits I cannot. "Before they get their wits to fend us off lash their limbs and cover their mouths." I tie her and bind her. I shove a wet rag in her mouth and cover her eyes before I dump the rest of my gourd on her nethers revealing her. My jaw drops.

My cock's already hard from abusing her so far.

I hear wet smacks and see men hitting the women with instruments and flails. I look at my cleaver, fuck, I turn the flat end and hit her ass reddening it. Fuck! (I don't know how to rape a woman, so I'm following what they're doing.) Eventually they start bleating and bellowing harsh cries. The blood from mis-fallen blows splitting their skin. They bruise. Some of the men batter their heads and they dare not lift them up. My erection dies a little.

I feel sorry for her. I get up and walk to a woman getting bashed in by a burly fuck-tard of a fuckazoidal freakshow nature, and I whisper to him. "I've already softened up mine. How about you take her, and I'll take the one you've prepared." He grins and throws the woman into a muddy blood-stained rut he dug.

I take a look at her face her eyes are bruised, her nose is running bloody. She's unfettered. The man's a brute who couldn't tie his shoelaces. Since I gave him a woman unable to resist he'll possibly focus on her. I look over to see.

He takes off his clothes gingerly. The bound woman in a clean white birthday suit is unable to move. His prick stiffly escapes the leather pants and he sticks it in eliciting my cleaned woman to scream a ghastly death rattle. He spanks her already reddened ass, apparently her looks have taken him for he doesn't abuse her face. That's good. Now I'm to address this woman I've traded.

Despite being unfettered she puts up no fight. The brute force applied to her fair body has put her under.

Her skin is not pristine but she has a smooth soft skin and a glaze of oil mixed with soot. She's a might clean with a gracious butt. I wipe off some of her oil. Her skin of her butt has been bruised and so has her ribs. I think she's quite attractive, a very full womanly figure.

I look back at the one who abused such a fine woman and he was planting his fist into the pure white woman's rib-cage. Shit. She'll be black and bruised like this one soon enough.

(He still retains some of his chivalrous tendencies from his normal state of mind. Otherwise, he'd be beating the first woman within an inch of her life while fucking her already. This is just how things turned out.)

I need to satisfy my needs. I put my cock in the cowed woman with her front on the ground. Her generous ass cheeks spread out an her wet cunt doesn't fight. "Good. Good girl." I feel her tits and she begs.

"No. Noo it hurts. Owow."

Her tits are bruised? I squeeze and she jerks her body away. I'm turned on more, honestly. I start gnawing at her back and shoulder blade. The brute did a fine job stripping whatever she might have been wearing. I've never raped a woman. I guess that's in the past now.

I fuck her and she tries catching her breath from the pain of abuse. I hear the abused women around us getting hit. I slap mine's butt. She moves a few thrusts on her own exciting me before she cows again. I grab her wrist.

Her hands have been stabbed injuring her carpal. She couldn't put up a fight if she wanted. I'll clean her wound after I cum. The sight of her bloody wounds make that difficult. I have to keep fucking her for a long time to relax.

I forget myself, "What kind of a barbarian whore can't even swing an ax? You must be the worst pathetic lot of swine. What do you call yourselves, the shit corollary. If I'm not mistaken you rolled in shit before showing up here. What a useless tactic. You're so fucking stupid my horse knows how to dress better."

"Barbarians," the men beating them agreed.

The tortuous intercourse. The beautiful women. It's driving me up the wall. Are we really raping prized women of such good breeding?

I hear screaming. The women are sodomized. "Yes!" screams some of the unfettered ones. Their un-gagged mouths betray my expectation, "Yes I want it. I want it it ehehe."

The woman I'm having sex with echos the cries, "Master use me. I want it. Please. Fuck my ass. Owowwo!" She's gone mad. I'm about ready to cum the water of life into her belly. I won't stop, I can't.

"Fuurk!" I kick my legs and smash my hips down, hilting 'it' into her. She screams because... I don't know.

(In a suit of armor he weighs about 280 lbs.)

I release whatever frustrated amount of fuckism I can blow out into her sundries and I stick it everywhere until a sweet stupid cry escapes me. I catch my breath.

Her snot runs out onto the sandy floor. Her already bruised face looks like she's sweat and her hair is damp. It's a goddamn shame.

I tie her up to carry her. Her teeth clench. I think she's pained enough she's holding in a belly-knot. There's little I can do for her.

(This is a gift. The women were always lubed. Their bottoms are not covered, they prefer oils, and they were very rough themselves. Having to lose was as painful as cracking an egg. This is the rear Amazon battalion, the voluntary victims.)

(They'd do anything for extra rations. The men were scarce, and here they received their famous delicates in such consummate ways.)

(Some girls are mistreated badly. They scream to ensure their appearance of helplessness remains intact. The men can mistake their broad grins and red faces for pain during intercourse. Some of the girls are painfully injured because the men are so heavy or their armor is not unfastened properly.)

I saw the brute's mistreatment of my tied up sacrifice. I retch.

Someone made a makeshift execution-stand and fastened several of the barbarians to it and lashed their necks. This is far craftier than anything I can accomplish. What to make of it?

--

Illmuire gives a little wink.

The men stand and humorously laugh while their horses stand behind.

I... am... Shay, a horse... sigh. Tired from standing around all day.

(It's a body swap. Get used to it.)

I'm brought to a contraption like a stall in a barn. I've been locked in barns before. I guess it's time to sleep. Finally.

Oh. My. "C.c.coahoahahohoh. wieeeiehehehe. Neieheheh!"

I've been affixed but my fuckmeat is getting jacked off. Fucking goddamn. Fuck!

I cannot bear this pleasure I feel of the roiling heat of my chest. The fanning flames of encroaching desire. I shove my body forward bucking. The sense of relief billows out from my loins. It's in, ugh, I cannot even see the mare. What is this?

Oh! Wooahoo. I'm going to have a foal someday. Yaya. Fucking Yea!

I look down while screwing the mare. Her head's there. I stick out my tongue. She sucks on it. Oh yes my sweet delectable little mare. Are you a toy horse. You're going to be my toy horse mare. I'll dream of this for the days to come. I'll dream of mating you for the end of time. I love my little toy mare, make me cum.

Sigh. I'm still spilling out but my enthusiasm.

(He's a farmer's horse, not trained very well.)

Isn't it enough? My limp cock slips out. And about five hours later... we can... again.

(He's not a horse by then. I could just put him in the next horse.)

Another stallion takes my place fucking my mare. Oh fuck, my foal, she won't be able to give birth to my foal if that guy fucks her, no come on... let go. Fucking jerk.

I watch the stuff, my stuff, squirt out of her, and the next fresh load bloats her womb.

The mare passes out around the time he's finished. They unlatch the stockade. Removing the 'mare' the vixen being ruined by stud. She's grinning. She's baring her teeth in a stupid look to hide her pain behind the mask. (Nah she really likes it.) 

They load another in.

(It is well known being mounted by a man of enormity crushes a woman's pelvis. Getting mounted by a beast improperly crushes her chance at childbearing for several seasons. They were never expected to work again after volunteering once. They can volunteer for the rear battalion again, should they recover. It's unlikely that a male Vixen would even go this far if they begged.)

Somewhere far from the peace and the village, a group of cavalry has been given gifts of helpless naked women. The women who they were prepared to kill and maim during combat, and yes, rape, easily accept the brutal acts as foreplay. This was a surrender without a fight.

They dismount their horses and enjoy the senseless carnal pleasure with anonymous, well-bred, well-groomed women for hours.

The captured Amazons are brought back to town on horses, sweat-drenched and dazed.

Some men use the horse ride back for continued thrusts at their new slave's bottom. (They really enjoy spinning tales of rapist bandits in their village.) The titillation of raping these rapists, the barbarians, greatly enhanced the experience of abusing their captives. Some of the less pleasing women are put in sacks and dragged in a sled before or after animals mounted them, as well as various penetrative acts, and not just to wear them out.

To the men, it is clear who the victors of the battle are. They won.

--

Upon arriving in town, the cavalry finds out there's a truce of some kind. Men are bedding women all around town. They hear the rumors became reality in their absence.

[i]Multiple female partners. Much better looking. Much more ravenous in bed than the ones on the field.[/i]

Astounding. Confounding. [i]It's not even fair![/i]

Their War Chief decreed they join the Amazons of their own free will. Who'd say no to [i]this?[/i]

They release the captives. They untie and remove gags from the enslaved brides and make amends. Notions of apology and repairs all around fall to deaf ears.

A few guys did very dirty things, but the Amazons are by far dirtier. To their dismay, the women explain 'enough is [i]never[/i] enough.'

A conversation with a soldier built like a bull. Not that soldier specifically, but a similar brute.

I guess that's me, Shay. I feel stupid.

I stare at my fat meat of a limp cock. I squeeze my stupid hand. I'm a hulk of a brute. But even I know, I went too far.

"I'm so sorry. I'll take good care of you. If you would stay with my wife and I. Our children know how to do the work. My hands are not meant for tender care."

She stares bloody-nosed. She shoots a snot out and wipes her tearful eyes. She tells me, "Can your kids fuck half as well?"—

[i]"What the hell?[/i] My kids. What are you saying about my kids?"

—"Or does your wife know how to suck a clit? All I want is you."

Love?! Her voice, my wife doesn't love me. She loves?! LOVESS?

"You like it... what I did? You forgive me?"

"I'll never forgive you," she explains it. (She's toying with his emotions.) "I like it In the ass. And, the thing you did to get me wet. Threatening me. And cutting my fingertips. And you hit my face with your open hand. I've never done that. Yeah, I love my face being abused. Then, when you finally gave me that. Yes. The beating afterward was kinky. If I could do it every day... more ass fucking. Take me and your wife. I'd enjoy it."

Oh my she?! What?

"What? My... She... Hold on..."

I collect my thoughts.

"You're joking! I hogtied you, strapped you to my horse, and stretched your ass open while we rode back. And you're pregnant too, you'll have my baby."

I gasp... "Liked... that." I think I'm going to faint. [i]I was in trouble, angry? I wasn't whatever this was is should why-is-this-happening?[/i]

(She presses him harder. She knows it's working.)

"Yeah, I loved how you dug right into it. Put your cock in [b]there[/b] next time. Train my body more, to be yours, you have to won it. You could choke me [i]more[/i]. I'll suck your dick and frick your wives, don't you have more than one? You look like a man who could... (no.)"

(She keenly examines how she's affected him. He wouldn't like to hear that. Even if he was capable of raping her. [i]That fucking society he's been raised in. We'll fix it.[/i])

After our conversation ends, she comes close to me like a little hungry puppy. She wraps her arms around me and rubs her face low. Audacious. She sucks at my oiled up prick.

I feel her ass. She said she wanted that. We'll get to business. "Let me enjoy, you he such a wonderful cock," the vixen offers further compliment, after compliment, until I let her get around my prick. She uses her hand and then her cunt.

Her expression is explicit expectation for what will come. Is she seriously hoping I'll enter her there, causing such pain?

She angles herself. Truly? I could put it in her butt from the front? She doesn't yell when I start to try. My mind blanks, the orgasms I experience are earth-shattering, and I honestly can't stand to think about it for long after. I might be too sluggish to stand now. I slump into sacks of grain where we evidently finished our romp and my eyes flutter as I lose consciousness. I fucking... can't.

(He immediately forgets, pretty much a troll. We'll give him the memory back later.)

[i]My cock's, big, I'm a big man.[/i]

(The vixen offers more compliments, she's pumping up and down along the sleeping brute's cock. Her bruised skin. Her pain in her ass. It was hers to enjoy. He evidently finishes, but she's not done until she's done. Unconscious, he even cums from the stimulation, and she pants excitedly screwing his dying erection.)

She says, "Whew. That was great. I hope when you wake up, you can tell me what you thought. If you wake up."

(He's fucking done. I take out the spirit and put it in the next... hehehe.)

Not a man from the cavalry without peak physical form survives the following onslaught of ravenous sex.

"Poor baby you tired." Colloquially equivalent 'call me' gestures follow even though they don't hesitate to walk away from the unconscious men.

They turn their gaze upon the cavalry's horses. They shove their fists into the mares coating their arms with the stuff down to their shoulder and they rub it all over each other.

[i]Shay! Me![/i] I watch them. I'm a horse. The smell of a mare in heat. [i]Damn! So good![/i] They rub it all around. I'm getting turned on and so are my horse acquaintances. These ladies are some bustling cowgirls. Who are they? [i]Wait you're getting pretty close girl, careful. Hey I'm ticklish.[/i]

While this is happening certain bold women come over and grab my erection. Girls come to kiss me. Well. Uhh. I send them a lick. Sure. They're looking for some mouth love. [i]Why not?[/i]

I feel some fawn over me touching my sides. I can't do anything about that. This is a very human thing horses can't really do it so well. [i]Mmh. I like it.[/i] It's a very gentle feeling.

[i]It is good.[/i] I know I really want to screw this vixen lubed up with oil in front of me. I haven't been mated with a mare for a few days so I cum early.

[i]Oh no.[/i]

[i]Shit. Shit. I swear it's for you.[/i] I step forward and the women spread out to avoid me pushing them. I swear all of this is for you to enjoy.

I get on and a hand grasps my cock. (He's a little big and the tilt of his erection points down. So it takes effort to put him in his 'mare'.)

My pleasure. (Her pleasure and her pain.)

"Drink of his stallion. We're so hungry," says another vixen.

"Oh! Oh I feel it's so fucking good. Oh I'm going to cum," says my mare as the seed spills. She contracts to hold it in and I fill her [i]womb[/i].

(her butt... They put it in her [i]butt[/i]. He doesn't know. He will learn.)

Oh it's pouring like an open faucet. I love the noises I hear. I stick my tongue out to lick her but she's a little too short. Ok. I dig in deeper and push to get past into her easier.

"Girl you're gonna become a sack of cum. Girl this stallion is deep nuts," some of her vixens warn her. "Shake your hips more to make him feel it."

I don't know this is pretty good. I can feel her resisting so I'll push in more.

She starts pushing back. Her ass slips back around and grinds at me. Then she releases.

Damn! They knew how to please a stud. I puff and stutter step back making my cock pop out. I'm done. I'm done.

"My turn!" says the [i]next[/i] voluntary mare. 

I can smell her pheromones (courtesy of the mares they scooped it out from) and I want her so bad I shove my face in it to lick her all over. My tongue goes in pretty deep.

(When asked about their station. "We're the rear battalion, we love it up the ass," they simply state.)

--

(What of the village in the days to come? The weeks?)

The vixens lubed and oiled in gleaming naked armor take all kinds of men for sex. You can hear the younger men plea loving confessions as they're mated.

"Young damsel I've never seen such a beautiful specimen. I must have one like you as my bed mate."

Followed by their... confessions of another kind.

"Uhhh! I am a virgin no more."

Followed by...

"Aaaah. AAaah! I'm. Uurrrg!"

And...

"No! No stop. Stop! Oh beautiful. Oh my beloved. I can't take it. Ugh uhh.. Nnnnhhuuuuooo?"

And they don't stop.

The Elders, too. Through more coercive means.

A vixen has her mark, she's lavished with smooth creamy dark oils, "You have no choice. You will have sex with me. Enjoy every moment to your dying breath." For there is no question she will kill this old fool.

"I can't. A whore like you. H..." harlot, at the tip of his tongue. He considered his chances of surviving in a fight. It was not a question. "I'd never. It's unforgivable."

The woman reveals her humps. With her naked bosom up against him, her womanhood a hair-breadth away, she says, "Older men like you. Don't you like to squeeze fat titties? I also have this craving for a cock within my big fat ass (a gift)." His hand feels it. She presses closely and her buttcrack embraces his other hand she places between. He'd cry if he could. She'll make advances on him even if he resists to his dying breath.

After having sex, the man wishes for penance. He takes up a branding iron. He declares, "Harlot. Never forget your place!" He burns her backside and drops it. "What is this?" Her pussy melts at the pain. "Why are you... Her body. Her body is absolutely too much. I can't resist." His erection needs a release again.

She's moaning. She winces in pain but she's advancing on him for he has stoked the ashes back into a raging inferno of desire. "What are you waiting for?" she asks. "Don't make me wait. Stick it in again. Brand me as much as you like. I'll be yours to the end." He considers his chances of surviving her as a mate. Even if he ran, there was a swarm cleaving the men down outside like praying mantises and spiders.

"Ye fuck like death, and smell like roses," he gainly offers.

His end came swift, and he was with her for a while after.

The men exhausted themselves screwing the women repeatedly. Many die in the heat of passion.

--

(What of the village in the months to come? The years? What legacy remains?)

I'm the War Chief. The survivors have a story they tell me.

They're separated in huts to keep the women and men apart. It's no wonder. The women of my village were remarkably prudish and would not fuck a vixen, she wouldn't know how to start.

They take an oil ('pen') and wipe it to quickly mark outliers.

(Men who really want to stay with their wives badly enough to fight are marked as rations with such a pen.)

Even young vixens, untrained, were able to fuck the married prudes in cages as much as they liked.

As a man raised among them since then [i]I hear they don't even keep animals in cages.[/i] Imagine someone being prudish enough to stave away such delectable treasures. It is second to the worst of fates... From what I've experienced, I think [i]the men in cages have gone insane, were insane long before they were sent there[/i]. The vixens are worth every drop of cum.

Matrimony is unnatural among beast worshippers, although not at all a crime. The Vixens the 'foxes' of the desert have to thrive. It is poor conduct not to give your time to them, they do it to themselves. Embellished snobbery may get you locked in a stockade even if you were a full blooded fox. Can you imagine a fox not wanting to frolic and fuck a vixen in heat? It would be an embarrassment to her and a blight on his house.

(The vixens must sleep with men once they've had a first. It's a gift, it's their legacy. Ahem.)

(He's implying that the women are aggressive mates. There's no concept of rape or gender norms. It's just a fact. Men die like insects. Be careful, or enjoy having intercourse, you can't have both! I'll protect you Shay, don't worry. The Goddess Illmuire has protected you for as long as you needed it.)

Half the captured village's food and treasure was taken the first day, as expected.

(It's been a month since then.)

I return to my village with the envoys I chose, long after an incredible smatter of intercourse followed by banquets and repeated sexual encounters ending each day with the envoy-sent-by-heaven, herself. I can't begin to describe ([b]But we could.[/b]). The villagers were Amazonian, my villagers. The men were ruined. I can't let anyone see how happy I look while they suffer so I put a cloth over my face. The physical form of the remaining girls is impeccable. They admire our conquerors. They take exceptional note of the envoys following me. If they didn't know who I was, carrying this weight with me meant the whole world to them.

Before I left, there were fatties. There were skinny as bones layabouts. They are all going to be fit and ready to wed once they've matured. Such divinity from so little. It's like the Vixens are gods, perhaps— just remembering what I was doing hours ago, covered by women rubbing oil to clean me— they are.

I watch as a goat fucks one of my ilk. But, I do not worry. She has been fucking that goat for his whole upbringing she declares. We can openly worship beasts now, how amazing is that?

The one-man village.

I'm left with nothing but grown women and children soon to mature and be wed in the one-man village. What a great deal! I am husband with every last woman who accepts it. No... I'll call them vixen, every last vixen.

Those who don't cater to the ideals of Desert Amazons can die miserable lonely lives. 

(Years pass.)

One of my stupid sons couldn't care less about tradition. He'll lower his k'nob to fuck a stupid Bitch trespassing, or one of the godless failures from my village, both without a future. 'Do as he likes,' I'm told by my advisors, 'it won't matter. When he comes, if he comes back, he'll still be able to sleep with vixens.' Such generosity.

It is how they have done things for as long as they've known. Life here will soon be Amazonian as well.

(Years pass.)

The envoy... Oh. She was a treat. As well as the rest of them.

[i]Still are.[/i]

Her duty is to conduct the tribe's traditions and give me peace. I continue having my way with her, and the occasional visitors who meet with her, almost entirely vixen. Wait, I mean, only the vixens. I mean, the men get involved with us, but I don't have sex with them.

(Years pass.)

(Years pass.)

Men from the Vixen tribe carrying parchment have begun bookkeeping and measuring the farmland. My duty is over... But I keep my wives. Their un-vixenlike vows. I still get to have sex with them. Many others who come. It's quite possible getting conquered by vixens is the greatest thing to ever happen.

To subsume the village's scant remains the men of cloth have come. Soon the vixens will spread into it ushering in the culture, the traditions, and likely forcing the men of cloth to find a new village.

The full-blooded vixens have taken over, the ones who've made the greatest mark on society, not my quaint village girls.

The Amazons respect strength, heritage, and in their own twisted way, the cock. So, when I'm too old, I can wear cloth, if I ever care to. Can you imagine giving up all this? I think I'd rather die in bed with the eight envoys.

(The final outcome. As history has forgotten.)

The Amazonian tribes have an advantage. The luxury goods they plunder are unimportant, what matters is land, human resources, their population, and the traditions to uphold over time, conquered tribes are subsumed and all this falls into place.

I've seen it happen with my own eyes. It can happen to you.

(The future he will long for is Amazonian.)

Life here will remain Amazonian. 

(It's a start.)

(The hero will be dragged back to the desert. Back to the commander. Back through time. Dread, and our princess... pretend you didn't see any of this happen, ok?)

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C1, Scene 5: Wanderlust[/size][/u]

We return to the commander where we left her.

(The commander hears Us calling her in a singsong tone.)

Her nipples stiffen, a chill runs up her spine, (she has an orgasm) she moans, her pussy runs over, she drools. "Was that really necessary?" she says to (us) the air, no response. We play with her hair and tickle her seeing how well she pretends not to notice.

She calls on her beautiful subordinates because three heads are better than one. (The gauntlet awaits her.) She takes the stallion that's been included.

We focus on tickling her anus. She'll definitely beg for penetration from the stallion. Her ass is wet from our treatment of her. Beg to fuck that horse, maybe we'll let you.

--

I'm... a horse. I thought I was a War Chief. That was a dream. I guess I fell asleep standing up, very horselike.

The voice of men and women hang on the breeze, [i]"Come to us."[/i]

(We're good at ventriloquy.)

I am a scared horse. Maybe we should get back to the camp, commander? I tug at the reins to stop her.

She unfastens her plate skirt's back panel revealing a bubble butt. And My eyes bulge! She loosens her top so her breasts jiggle freely under the metal. I'm pouring over her sniffing her, I my my chin and rub the bottom of my heck against hers, we could do it right now ok? My cock's dribbling its stuff. Damn mare you've got the stuff.

I hear armor clatter. Holy shit! That freaked me out but I see it was her clothes falling off.

Her followers do so as well. The places they wore clothes now drift behind loose fabrics. This was mere imitation. They were merely reflections of the commander's beauty. [i]But I'd fuck all three, I'm 'compatible'. That's what they said.[/i] Their bodies aren't too far from perfection at any rate, but commander funbags over here has more booty. [i]More booty to give, but I bet I can make them all feel me the same way.[/i]

It's pretty hot in the desert sun. They've gone on a long walk through the sand. Her soldiers care not. She turns to one.

"Get under the stallion it's time you had a bath," she announces. And she puts her hands on a soldier.

All of them have already nuded enough to strip the last bit of fabric off their bodies any moment. They look at me smiling with teeth. They're all into me. 'Compatible.'

She gets under. Like this, I can't really see her though. The commander's nice enough to stand close and let me stare into her eyes, glancing down into her cleavage.

Two girls stroke my cock until I'm fully erect and my cum pours out covering the oiled footsoldier. It's gotta be as satisfying as screwing her. (His warm cum cools down quickly relaxing her body.) The commander and second's hands form a tight grip and they help cover her front by rubbing me. "You're good and covered, turn over," they tell her.

She flips around and my cock slaps into her back. She wiggles her butt and rubs her ass into me. They continue until we're finished.

She gets up and she's coated white.

"Get in," says the commander pointing at the next soldier.

I see. Under me is a pool of frothing semen. A 'bath' can be had. She gets in ankles deep and sits.

"You have to go, don't you?" says the commander. Do it right on her face.

What was that nasty smirk? The fondling continues until I cum a fresh load on her. It rolls down her shoulders. She wipes it around.

"In the desert we make due with what we have to stay refreshed," the commander explains. "I need a drink." She wipes some of the thick cream off her comrade and tastes it. "Heavy. Strong flavor. I'll have some."

She begins sucking at my dribbling cock. [i]Her! Oh sweet the best of the best on her knees. I'm going to have this mare all to myself.[/i] I fill her mouth and she swallows. She drinks of my loins. [i]I'll fill her.[/i] 

[i]Oh... ohh... my legs feel stiff. I can't think of anything.[/i]

Another girl goes under to get her fill.

[i]Two at once? Ohhhh gosh.[/i]

Then the last.

[i]It's uhhhh, really amazing.[/i]

(We'll help.)

I feel like I'm fading, but my sperm keep flowing.

They work together. Lips and hands. The two subordinates suck at my nuts while the commander's focus is on the globs forming at the head.

(She sticks out her tongue for the bead of cum forming, and when it contacts it reforms covering her inside of her mouth. She sucks at the glob and swallows each one before they're heavy enough to spill. His cock is like a drip-feeder for her.)

I feel a few slaps on my hip near my rear startling me and I step forward. This small movement on my part, I feel my cock contact the commander's lips. [i]Ohhh[/i]. I wish I could see her face.

While getting sucked off I'm listening to the most sensual noises. The three of them slurping up my seed. Then...

(We intone the pleasure to come and send it in the breeze.)

There's the sound of temptations, there are promises of strength and everlasting beauty. I have all that right here, can it really get better?

(We sing a soothing tone to the hero, heightening the sensation. We send him a boon.)

[i]Oh...[/i]

--

(We'll describe it.)

They work together. Lips and hands. The two subordinates kiss and lick his nuts.

The commander's tongue is sticking out to catch the globs beading at the tip of his cock.

He steps forward, startled by a tickle when one of them gently pats him on the side.

His horsecock with a fat pearl of cum formed already connects with the tongue and slips. His penis slaps the commander's face smearing it all over her. It's covering her eyes and nose. She raises her hands to grasp him with the tips of her fingers and keep his cock steady.

She plants a big kiss on it and sighs, motioning her comrades to help. They release his balls from their makeup-smearing liplock and they each take a section of his cock to play with leaving more of their oils behind rubbing into him. Their faces are getting quite messy as the eye-shadow and paint smears across them and around their lips.

His cum pours out down Dread's face. She can't regain control and she bathes in it. The other two see this and come.

[i]Don't waste a drop of that,[/i] they're thinking. They're in tune and excited. They don't want to lose a single part of him to the sand.

Their mouths press in to drink him. They share, although hardly intentional. (We're going to increase his pleasure, another boon granted.) His sperm pours out in a steady stream and his cock twitches. The feeling of this gives the women drinking him a shiver of excitement.

"I want him to mount me," one confesses. After bathing in his cum and drinking she'd take him on as a full-blown mare would. It's a habit. The vixens have a slight problem.

He blows hard from his nose and his cock twitches hard enough it 'blows,' it jerks out of their grasps. "Oh!" squeals the commander. Then the others awkwardly shriek as his cock continues pulling wildly. They grab with their hands and let him cum on their faces. The thick sperm rolls off their shoulders and covers their faces and necks. Dread's tits are too large to be covered so easily, but the other two, having already bathed, look like pasty-white glaciers shining in a foaming oily mixture of his cum and their war paint.

The two back away when dread puts her arms up. She puts her hands on top of his cock to push it downwards. She plants a kiss forcing down a smile and tilts her head forwards. She thinks, [i]I'm going to... I'm going to do it![/i] and she opens her mouth. His cock fills her mouth stretching her lips and she relaxes letting him slide into the back of her throat.

He's still cumming like a hose.

Her tight insides awaken him. He whinnies and inwardly moans while his feelings of arousal and release overwhelm his other thoughts.

(We guess... the horse-champion needs no further encouragement. Dread may stop deepthroating the horse-cock now. We'll stop teasing her.)

She gurgles and titters. She feels the horse cum slowly fill her belly. She'll suck him dry or have her fill.

Dread may stop. Stop now. Or we'll [i]make you stop[/i].

(His cum can be imbued with ephemeral power. Is she going to wait for us to use [i]that[/i]?)

She takes it out with her tongue remaining stuck out. She has the most devious look. Like, [i]maybe she can dominate him even more, if we weren't watching. Maybe her friends want to keep going, then she could get us to act on them instead of her.[/i] She hasn't bathed so much as they have, [i]if he'd cum even longer she'd lie down and let him shower her body in refreshments.[/i]

(Get the fuck up and get to work you vixen slut.)

--

I'm Shay. I'm a horse? Yes. I don't really remember how I got here, at this point, but I feel pretty satisfied. I feel really close to these women.

I ogle the three fantastic white-pasted dripping goddesses glimmering on the sand as we trot together. I think I am carrying something on my back. Is there someone up there?

(No. He's a black stallion. There has been a bag on his back before this even began, small detail. His dick's girth is about the size of a fruit. He could easily mate the vixens. They want it too. With our help, he could do all of them right now.)

A few stone pillars are standing tall in a circle. In the middle of what's apparently nowhere, in an arid place I know nothing about. I can only assume it's a desert.

Scared horse wants to zoom out of here. I see that spectacular bubble booty flap in front of me. Maybe it's worth it.

The commander giggles and walks up to the center along with our group.

(From the lessons the Desert Amazons have shared, they worship men, and beast alike. There might be something bigger. Without proof. The stories are less popular.)

In a shadow cast by all the pillars we're teleported inside a temple by a beam of light.

(We have the tome... and now, a second tome appears in the mortal realm. One of ours. One of exceptional taste, one of the most beautiful.)

The commander's holding a (Nintendo Switch), "laying it on thick," she murmurs.

"Hohoho. Ahhh!" says the voice of the handheld device. "Great champion." It sounds like... 

[i]a woman.[/i]

"What is this?" she asks nobody in particular. She puts it away giving up after they stand idly for several minutes giving no answer.

As we trek onward one offers insight.

"The shape of it. It could be a shell that's fallen from a crustacean."

(She knows what it is.)

(Go ahead then. Tell them.)

She explains, "More can be said by saying less about it."

She does an 'eyes forward' gesture, to get the point across and the rest stare blankly. This would have to mean something important will happen soon. I can't wait to find out.

(Alright ladies. Here's your first treat.)

Along a corridor, a man muscular and well-groomed, dressed like a gladiator with red and golden sashes stands. He stares with gleaming eyes. His hair shines like spikes of steel and he has a golden eyeliner.

"Oh Fuck. No. What?" says one of the footsoldiers. "That? That man there. He's too..."

The commander shakes her head. He is an easy target for them three on one, I think.

She tells the one who spoke, "Take him."

She sighs. Her discontent quickly changes to painfully horny. She takes the first strike and puts her arms on him, she's leaning in with her arms wrapped around like a frail woman hugging her lover. Easily straddling him, his erection, his abdomen touching hers, she's brushing his stiff member against her greedy entrances.

She can barely speak up. "Yeah—!" her body thrown outwards from the hips as she makes as if to ride him vertically "Yeah—!!!" she says on the verge of climax and slaps her hips back into him, without penetrating.

I'm a horse and my dick is hard just watching her.

She tells him, "You can do whatever you want. Oh! Baby! Oh! Yes—"

"Yes-!" another rasping quail of her throat and she fully orgasms spraying her girlcum.

That's never happened...

They watch in envy. Somehow, their ally fails to even reach penetration.

I kinda wish I was him but I saw her ass each time she threw it back and the final blast sprayed her Jill like dropping a frozen rock into a boiling hot bath.

He grabs her arms before she falls backwards. The other two step forward to catch her on time.

He smirks and lays her against the wall, she turns casually sticking her ass out. Then he beckons them to come get it.

He grazes the neck of the next footsoldier by hand with a very delicate look of encouragement forming along his handsome face. He moves his lips like he'd say something, but not a word. A feather touch, a tease from his eyes glancing across her, for her to watch. She thinks he meant to tickle her and give her a kiss, the place he looked. He liked it. She can't help smirk and feel good.

He didn't do anything, not really. To finish either action he'd have to break her personal space thoroughly and he wouldn't. He's too gentle. She'll give him what he wants. She squeals while reaching for his face to hug him! She's shoving her personal space right in his face. And then moaning reaching climax gradually in waves her body rocks.

(Did you like that? Horsey, that could be you.)

The leader has had enough. She says, "The man can barely show force. We should..."

The second woman, the footsoldier is down on her knees kissing his cock. She squirts her final orgasm while getting her fill with her mouth. She is against the wall head to her knees.

[i]Who the heck is this?[/i]

(What's wrong. Don't recognize him? That could be [i]you[/i].)

--

I've been sent here by Illmuire to prevent the incursion on our holy temple.

The first two women have succumb to the protection granted by the goddess herself. Their twisted faces as they climaxed almost gave me a good laugh. I grin at the last one. I'm getting ahead of myself. Let's start from number one.

One has sharp eyes but she presses her body too close to mine. I can hear her initial orgasm escape. "Yes—!" She slaps her hips to me. I'm getting aroused by her display but it will rebound on her much quicker. She screams and climaxes, I can hear her pussy blow and her head rolls back. I snatch her shoulders, catching her adrift. Aglow. She almost slips but I move fast enough to grab her and hold her to me.

[i]You passed out.[/i]

I put her down carefully towards the wall and get a good look at her backside. I don't mind fucking an unconscious woman. She already consented. This is not a bad look for a woman.

Next.

I don't even have to move and the invaders have lost. I look over to their steed. Not trained? He hasn't moved to protect them.

The second takes me on, she rolls her eyes back repeatedly. She can't seem to figure out if she's having sex or trying to stand up to a bear so I offer her a smile and blow a kiss with just the lips. She comes at me already squealing to hide her first climax. I stand still and let her finish. When she comes again she kneels to force contact with my privates, barely covered in a skirt of cloth below my chiseled abs and fanciful sashes. 

She manages to touch me there, and gives in while pursing her lips and smooching the head of my cock. It feels good, alright, but there's still her.

[i]Good try. Maybe you were better than the first.[/i]

The two I already wore out have rested against the stone wall. They breathe loud enough to hear. I deliberately place them to access easily. I have my needs, I will use them when things are settled with, [i]her[/i].

She flirts. She focuses on my face and only accidentally glances down— her expression relaxes quickly when she does— before returning to my face and hardening her smile to match me again. Her skin is pasted white. Cum... I think. Oil and horse cum has been on all three of them.

"You fucked your horse on the way here," I say. "I don't live with mares and I don't breed them. What manner of animal would fuck a horse if not a mare?"

I wasn't being clever but she laughs like a joke came from it.

I smile. I tell her, "You look upon the great rabbit. The kindred of the goddess imbued with her strength and wisdom. I am testament, granted a boon straight from her." I show her my bulging bicep. I stand astride so she can admire my physique. "Before the great rabbit, you are a carrot. Your allies have fallen, like threshed hay. But I see you. You are a carrot, not leaf, nor stick, nor dirt." A compliment. "But your horse has eaten you. So you are dirt."

She smiles at me defiantly, telling, "I've made it here without being [i]eaten[/i]. I ate [i]him[/i]."

She disrobes, continuing to explain to me, "We are vixen. And to a vixen a great rabbit is still a carrot."

She's beautiful.

She puts her face right into my dick. I hear her climax but her willpower steels her against fainting. Her head bobs and my dick feels a burning release (he came). Shockwaves repeatedly travel up my spine. I finally understand, she's managed to suck my dick.

"How?" I gasp.

She's focusing on the head of my cock. I feel paralyzed and start moaning. I'm too loud. The horse shakes his head and whinnies like he's laughing.

"Oh Illmuire my... god!" My face is hot. My back feels good, my pelvic floor contracts, the groin relaxes. I'm going to cum in her mouth (again).

The two women lying at my feet hysterically squeal. Are they watching? Maybe, sort-of, they have their faces resting on their arms. I see, their girlcum is... spilling.

(This will be a blowout, hero.)

I shoot my load and echo the feeling with my mouth whimpering. It's not supposed to be like that.

I'm not done but. I think. I look down. The face there's really cute. Her cheeks are expanded. She's trying desperately to contain the cum and failing. She coughs and much of it spills over.

She slurps and makes some 'mmmh' noises.

I die.

--

I'm the horse again.

The commander's sucking dick.

I can really dig this woman. But she just said she ate me and then that and now.

She wipes her mouth. The man stands still staring blankly, like he's fallen asleep standing.

I'm staring at the two leaning on their elbows. Horse-fucking position.

(We imbue the hero with the fallen champion's power.)

[i]She has the tightest anus,[/i] I think.

My cock is thrumming and I rub it against one of the women who've already climaxed. Oh wow I can feel the cum beading at the tip of my cock already. I'm going to slip in.

She has a very hysterical enthusiasm about her face. The pressure of my cock is creasing her nethers. I have the impression, even now, the vixen is just waiting to take advantage of me.

I sodomize her. It's not what I expected. She orgasmically screams and presses her chest down sticking her ass upwards so I can thrust downwards into her. Her canal squeezes me and she thrusts herself around. There's a wet squelch, I'm filling her. Nasty sounds come from her belly. She covers her mouth with her hands. She shakes her head. She climaxes. A few seconds after she screams my cum pours out her mouth.

[i]Oh wow. There are two others like her. Oh wow.[/i]

The next girl's eager to please. She stands up and puts her hands to the wall. I get the tip in. A helping hand guides me deeper. [i]Commander?[/i]

(My... hero. Our champion. After devouring the great rabbit. What is she thinking?)

[i]Horse fuck?[/i]

She's nodding and smiling, "Fuck her. Fuck her. I want to see. Give her all you've got."

We screw. I screw her friends.

In. Out. Gush. Hissss. Her pussy splatters and she shoots her girlcum out. I turn because she's getting closer to the wall and I want to slip more of my cock in.

"Poor baby. Here."

The commander punches a gaping hole into the wall. She grabs my mare and sticks her head in. Then she tears out a hole in the wall above her big enough for me to fit.

"Now try."

Ok.

I enter. It's really dark but I can't argue with results. My ballsack slaps into the mare repeatedly. I start to cum so much each piston inwards forces out a torrent of fluid. She's screaming. There's an echo. My little mare is so horny and so tight. We do it for a long time, I fill her up.

I'm being tugged at. [i]I'm not done. I...[/i] The commander bends forward offering her own ass. I... I can't... I can't resist! I plunge my face down around sticking my tongue in.

(Behind him cum pour out of his two 'mares' they're unable to enjoy this sight.)

My new mare! She feels my love in her already as I run my tongue around inside her anus. We can mate. My cock is amazingly hard. (Our gift.)

I let her free of my loving kiss. She moans while her butt recovers. I could admire her like this for a while. She doesn't move. I do enjoy her like this for a while.

I can run my long tongue around her lower back and lick at her asshole. But I want more. I go lower and she pulls away. [i]What is wrong?[/i]

She turns and hugs my muzzle. My face is perched between her breasts. She turns and stretches her butt.

(He's like... her bath right now. Dread, come on. Is it because you know what's coming next?)

I'm going to... I'm going to mount my mare!! I step in and slip my cock down the channel of her ass cheeks. It didn't go in. I can't get it in. Come on come on. [i]It's coming...[/i] my cock starts dripping out.

It's good though. I feel her moving under me.

She gets up. She's white with my sperm layer coating her back. So [i]pretty[/i].

--

Her allies are too worn out to follow. They are extremely happy. They're still making noise. Stuff is dripping out of them.

My mares, you will be mine once more. I'll remember. You drunken fools lying in sperm. You just want to fuck one more time.

I feel so energized, having mated them.

(He won't remember. But they meet again. Pretty soon. [i]Next time.[/i])

A bounty of men awaits. They're bronzed and oiled. They have physiques like statues and incredibly toned. There are shimmering robes and blue sashes. They wear white and decorative patterns.

They lie around on the floor. They're in smooth insets along the floor. For bathing purposes, but without water. They stand at attention by the walls dressed like the statues only more colorful.

"Oh. Oh boy," the commander says. "Oh boy! Ohboy!ohboyohboyohboy!" She's really happy, like she's struck oil, so to speak.

I come closer to her. [i]Weren't we about to... you know.[/i]

"Not right now," she tells me, already guessing I was looking to mate.

(We see. This is our doing, after all. This won't be what she wants...)

The commander attempts to contest them with her wiles. Persuade them. Any straight man could, any woman would desire her body.

She offers them, "Show me around. I'll let you take me for a ride when we're done."

They don't try to negotiate. They're either too smart, or absolute leches. At the sight of her, they take her.

She's moaning.

They tie her down. They're obsessed with her tits. They suck at the fat of her belly and mammaries. They massage at her and grind their fingers into her plump ass.

They bring a low-standing bench. They bring ropes and other implements. There's a restraint they can place over her head and hold her arms.

They grope her all over and whisper into her ear. Their fingers are going in her, but mostly they prod and pinch her ass and tits.

She's not displeased. The men have a certain way about them, she's moaning.

The finally take out their peckers and rub them against her. Their oils and grease are getting all over her. The men are vocalizing their orgasmic reflex exaggerating it (I think). They put beads into her tight anus. While playing with her clit. She's tied down. The beads go flying out her anus while she climaxes. They're holding her while she's shaking from the sensations.

The men are all moaning at the same time it's... not something you'd expect.
They simultaneously shoot their cum all over her while penetrating and standing close enough. She swallows. It goes in her clenching anus from the man she held there. Hand around her fat tits grope them and the nipples are plucked red. She's doused from every angle all at once.

They look weary, at first. But the men are able to mount her again. She's pushed back reclined in their arms as they rub their cocks around on her legs and in her hands. She tilts her head back kissing one holding her to her left. Another on her right side kisses her neck. Their hands stroke her arms and shoulders. They are feeling her all over. They're very attentive, to touch every single part of her. A dozen hands or more find their way into ever crevice. About ten men built like statues carved by artists (that haven't been born yet).

They start moaning again, like the first time. They tremble in unison. They all cum for her, all at once. They fall back and she lay on top of them with their arms intertwined.

A big one appears, he grabs the rope and ties her. She doesn't fend for herself. Too tired? She'd guided to her elbows and knees onto a bench and the wooden structure claps shut.

The man laughs. She's bound in ropes and her head's restrained. She's deep in a bath of blue glowing cum.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C1, Scene 6: Desert Vixen Pie[/size][/u]

Knee deep the blue glow of a bath filled with cum, alone, but the men she fucked, and the giant looming tall above her, is the vixen in command of thousands of absolutely beautiful nymphomaniacs. I remember her. In her naked and submissive state she is still the most absolutely beautiful thing I remember.

She breathes in and then harshly out, climaxing. She is invigorated, orgasmic, and thrilled from the strange energy of the men, and the bath she's in. Chills and shakes of pleasure run through her.

She's completely naked, she is tan but coated in the glowing cyan and white liquid. Her oiled skin has been adorned with cum and saliva and other bodily fluids, as well as grease and milk from the men she slept with, and trails of brighter blue energies dance across her falling to gravity as she sweats it out.

I. Her. I want. [i]I want her now. NOW NOW.[/i]

Illmuire smiles.

[i]Urh... uiuhhahaa. It's weird feeling.[/i] I clench my stomach, my muscles are changing. My body.

This man... I'm gonna. I trumble forwards my legs changing. I quickly grow hands, like an ape, I can tell I'm transforming. I can only think of one thing. I'm going to stop him. Then... I knock him down.

(I yell loudly in my head) [b]Oh fuck! Woahoo, oh yeah. This babe's ass on display I can see her so. Oh! Soho good. Woo. Foooshhshh.[/b]

[i]Neigh.[/i]

My cocks are hung... (both of them) There's an electric crackle and a [i]vrrr[/i] as both their motors get going. I glance over, that dude is out cold I knocked him clear across the room. I slap my right hand down beside my little mare's head. There's a satisfying crunch from the stones shifting under me. The bath splashes as my cloven backfoot kicks in and the next follows. I hold my abs tight in fear of slipping and pull my legs up close to her.

I grab her booty in my left hand and I feel my big mouth with my own lips perching them together. I do a lip-smack-pop thing and unsuccessfully lick them with a strange tongue.

[i]Urrrgghh[/i] "Oh my god you've gotta be the sexiest... [i]Huu?![/i] Uh... Let me cum in your big fat ass![/i]" My cocks are already shooting loads out. I can talk. "I can talk. But I'm, I'm... Oooh!"

My mare has something to tell me, "Stick it in. What did I tell you? Do it now. You don't have to hold back. Don't try. Come on I'll be good, stick me with your big horse cock."

(She doesn't know he transformed. Oh well.)

I get up and personal with my chest pressing down on her back. My pricks can almost get in on their own. I open my maw and my tongue is long. I'll give her a little surprise kiss.

(His dick tongue.) 

[i]I'll give my little mare a love bite.[/i] I kiss her shoulder and suck around her neck. It... feels wrong trying to dig into her, it's like I'll hurt myself more than her, I can't. (Teeth, but no bite.) She's already moaning.

(Moan is all she can do. She's clasped in a wooden bar restraint across her neck and her legs are tied to her neck so her feet are stuck behind her. Now there's a 500 lb goliath six times her size straddling her with two cocks firmly crammed up close with a wet nutsack smack into her upper legs.)

(While sucking her shoulder his tongue's able to stick out far enough to proceed. She can see his well-endowed third prick. Along with filiform and other papillae acting as the tongue's receptors there are a series of hair-like whiskers and then lighter white hairs extended from it and down the length like a mane. It can navigate to the closest entrance and weave is way through obstacles as needed. The tip of the tongue has a mushroom shape, but it's clearly not engorged, and has more of a spear shape like the face of a fish plus the mouth and gills allowing it to shrink and expand rapidly. As it does this expansion the tongue's structure grows slightly and everything but the hairs stick out slightly more. He's a man with more than two brains.)

(She has a chance to look at it for a long time. Our little actress can still get excited seeing one of these things about to take her throat for a ride.)

I'm kissing her neck. She squeals like a younger woman. Such naughty vixen sounds, I think I remember being with a few like her. (How?) Kissing her on the lips would feel so good. I angle closer to her face and my tongue whips. I put my hand near her face to... ([i]Rip her jaw open and shove it in[/i]) I push her from the opposite side to kiss her and the base of my tongue slides back along her lips. She sucks the length as it does giving me chills. I give her the kiss this promised. I need to take her now.

Easily, so easily, my hips move back behind her relaxing my abs. My cocks have her! I don't really know how. I slide forward into her while kissing her. Just like that. There's a splash as her legs kick the bathwater and I feel it slosh around my feet tickling me sending those orgasmic shivers up my spine as well as hers.

(He just shoves two cocks into her while choking her with his tongue-cock and spitroasts her into a submission hold. Seeing him, we're very pleased. She likes it.) 

A lot of white stuff comes out her mouth. I stop kissing her taking my tongue away and focus on penetrating her. "Yeeeeaaaa-shh!" I yell pushing in. It sounds like an incredibly deep roar for a full two-seconds. Sheesh.

I try to sound cool and screw her breathing steadily. Each thrust I burp... it sounds like I'm breathing fire. I need to fart. When she catches wind she starts moaning again.

Fuck. My ass. Fuck. Her. Ass!

I grab her bubble butt and stretch to see my cocks going in her. Two? Ok. I'll never get used to a sight like that. She's able to move and fight, or make love to me, as I keep plunging into her. She takes the horse-fucking position.

I rip one really loud. Goddamn! Don't. Goo look at her sexy ass forget that. "Huuh. Huuuuh." I fart even louder.

(It's a prostate thing.)

Shit this is exciting. I see a lot of cum is already exiting her. Instead of what I expect, she squeals and yells in response to my abrupt hair-splitting ass blasts, and her own shitter splits open on display between my meat hooks. My two enormous cocks are stretching her wide, I feel a twinge as the cum shooting out of me goes full throttle. "I like... this," I squeeze her ass cheeks. She can still take me deeper. I grab her tits and squeeze them. "I like these." I angle above her and thrust down.

I lift her onto me and pump her body up and down while standing. I can feel her all around me.

I want more. I turn her around so I can suck her tits. My cocks slip out. Oh... Her face. Oh my. She's covered in sperm. Her face is red. She's milky white clapped in a wooden restraint. Her tits are so gorgeous. I play with her tits. I suck at her side of her ribs and into her armpit and lick her from there to the tip of her breast. She shouts from the tickle and gets louder until I'm finally wrapping my lips around one big succulent breast. My tongue finds the tip of her nipple and circles it with a flick and I slurp. I have the urge and jab away repeatedly trying to penetrate her areolae, but her breast doesn't give. She's not built that way. It's too fun to stop though. She keeps reacting like I'm plucking her nipple each time. (The hairs are a little sticky) I want to do, more. I want to do so much more.

I press my cocks back to their correct positions and notice her clit's been untouched. "Oh. Commander. I want to thank the vixens for teaching me. Can you tell why?" I pause.

She shakes her head vigorously. She has a look of bewilderment and, she's between orgasms. She'll cum again, immediately. I grab her cunt in hand and squeeze.

"They taught me how to treat a woman." I place her shoulders down, head down, legs in front of her, her ass in the air. While doing this my hands find their way back to her breasts. I stick my tongue in her pussy causing her entire body to move with the force of it and suck her clit. She bellows and raises the pitch of her voice to one of pleasure immediately. My big maw tightly forms a seal around her butt. (Suck, gentle teeth) It feels so good I remove my tongue and start licking around all over coating her with my (cum) saliva before plunging it back in again and tongue-fucking. She orgasms hysterically gasping. It's like I'm playing a very sexual instrument that begs for encore, encore.

(The hairs and little fronds along the length of the tongue, oh, there's even more.)

[i]Dread begs for mercy. Screaming in climax. A virgin no more.[/i]

(Staying to enjoy the tryst longer, are we? We did not take her power away.)

(It will be a never-ending feast. A goliath of his caliber, plus the level of insatiable lust and vigor that can't be surmounted.)

I... can't... stop... I suck, I suck suck her ass and pussy, her clit her legs I lunge forward and swallow her down to her chest with her legs pressed into her shoulder. Her tits I can feel them tickling my upper lip. My tongue repositions and goes in her ass. She feels it, she twists her body and begs in harsh screams. "More, no! Stop. Aah! It's in it's oh my!" I'll do more, I won't stop. I feel the top of her head and stuff her down my gullet swallowing her down to her shoulder. Her feet are above her head. I can feel this... I can feel this.

I have a deep feeling of [i]gratification[/i] eating her is sex. I am having sex with her. I'm salivating, she's the most delicious thing. My gullet fills with fluids and the organs prepared for such an act come alive. It's nature to me. To [i]this[/i]. My stomach pushes out as I suck her down further. The fullness is good. I reflexively shut my jaw down onto the wooden restraint to capture her cutting her escape off. Only her feet and head are sticking out. I suck at her body. I feel her every part of her along the insides of me. There are many more things inside to do the work feeling, fucking her. I'm having sex with her. She's moaning. She chokes and I belly-laugh because it feels so good, it feels so good sticking my tongue out of her mouth. It's gone through her.

Oh? Can you feel that [i]mare[/i]? Can you feel how I've taken over you entirely from the inside? I've impregnated you. I've burdened you in every crevice. With every sinful ridge. I've saturated your insides and coated your flesh in so much of me it won't come out for months. And I have more.

[i]Come inside.[/i]

[i]She screams.[/i]

I swallow and chew (without biting). My teeth aren't able to reach her. I chew with those other parts of me, instead of bone, each crunch you expect is replaced by hydraulic pressurization. The transmission of fluid. All of her, her entire body has to feel me pass through it all at once through her insides and out her mouth. Each time I make this chewing motion it's like I cum inside her, all over her, inside her.

I've entered her lungs. I've trapped her in me. I've gone inside her muscles. I'm pumping into her blood vessels. I swallow reflexively, trapping her if she were fighting, she's too far I have taken her. She's delicious. My cock's getting tired, inside, and I'm getting horny, outside.

--

(Into the wetness. Her body a weapon, she continues absorbing him into her pores.)

I decide to continue.

There is a small room. There is a girl with her remarkable face, a resemblance exacted to be indiscernible.

I hear a voice "[i]Prove your flesh is worthy. Ascend to be one unrivaled.[/i]"

"Who are you?" I ask. No response.

I hear a voice, Illmuire? "[i]Don't you recognize yourself?[/i]" she asks.

Her name is ... Shay?

[i]You too?[/i]

(The hero is overwhelmed. We take him now, we'll have him now... Oh 'my' what a special gift. We have plans.)

It's not over -> Next chapter "Recreation"