
Clipped from library
---

They are on the floor together. He lies down on her front. He can't get his dick back in her soon enough.

The man gets down on a pillow-like surface and fails to penetrate... someone. Sleeping, or sex? His mind can't figure out what he's doing. There is a pile of worn-out women there on the couch and the library floor, that much he's aware of.

One bearing his leg's weight tries nudging him off. He grabs her and gets on top of her, biting her tits. Her breasts are semi-covered. That right there, he'll tear it off her. He goes for her neck instead and his fingers pull down her top.

She's the cute bunny girl, like a toy he lost, she found her way back in his arms. But he's not seeing her. He'll tell that officer, "You're a bitch. I'll fuck your ass." She's unable to fight like the other woman. Missionary, his penetrating cock sends shockwaves once more like their last intercourse. He's going even harder, grunting and squeezing it in.

Never having been abused so much this sensation makes her a total squeezebox of noises. She turns over. He spanks her. His fingers dig into her anal while he fucks. With her clothes pulled off her generous swell of tits flap against the floor.

He falls asleep while still mounted inside her. His slimy internal cumshots continue as her uterus fights a battle it can't win. The swelling tip of his cock stretches her, her cervix gives up as does the rest of her, and her womb fills and expands. She screams prematurely from the orgasm she felt crashing through her body.

The cute girl he's on top of, her heart's racing. She's on the verge of pissing herself from fear, adrenaline, and anger. Her sweat covers her body.

She struggles to get away. He grabs her shoulders and squeezes her down around his hard cock. The tip swells in her. He's so deep. Is he going to cum again? she has to wonder. He squeezes her tits with his hands. She finally reaches another orgasm changing her mood from terror to ecstasy.

His weight prevents her from declaring her love or making a sound. Only her pussy and overflowing tears show.

She's being watched. Someone helps pull her away.

The cum inside her spills out. She can't talk. Her bunny outfit is all ripped. She can't walk straight. Her ass is red from punishment. The punishment his hand-delivered. She's can't help trying to look back at him. He'll be the master one day. His generous actions helped her become closer to a man than ever before. Close to him. And she'll definitely be happy to let him do this as much as he wants.

--

fitness and male orgasm, in Amazon terms

I guess I'm in good shape
I didn't account for masturbating four times the same day I went for a jog, that'll decrease the amount of time I can run for sure

huh 

to keep the men from running away we have to sleep with them more than three times in a day

after draining their balls they become docile and complacent wanting nothing but food and drink

gladly

having sex with the captives is one thing, but the male warriors are loyal, and sometime store up an entire week or more

on a rare occasion there are men who don't have the urge to relieve themselves and they can be presented to an admirable woman as a treat, if you can resist having sex with them for your own needs

To keep the men from running away vixens sleep with them more than three times in a day. After draining their balls they become docile and complacent wanting nothing but food and drink.

Draining men isn't a commonplace thing, but war makes the vixens very horny so they tend to sneak in extra loving on the side. A piece of meat can't tell you it's already been cooked and a sex slave can't be trusted not to lie about how many women he's slept with so the three daily minimum might get pushed into the twenties or thirties, and before you know it you have to carry them and they don't last the week.

There are men who run from their villages and men who believe they can survive in the wilderness alone. It's easy enough to figure out whether they're Amazonian, but why even bother to check, men in these situatins could be alone for months, it's important to relieve them immediately and enjoy the incredible quantity of sperm they store up. They'll be grateful and voluntarily follow a vixen home for seconds.

It is no surprise that women do most of the work if they expect to have so much sex there aren't enough men to go around.