I don't care who people are but they tell me their names.

...
Shay
assassin Ka "Kazik" Cicada
uncle - Fredrick Royale
protagonist - Shay Royale
aunt - Bethany
harem of maids (vary costumes)
police 
...

	gender swap so the hero is a woman: instead of Shay, she'll be one of the names below
	
	Etymology of a word does not really tell me anything about how it's used
	
ok here are some witch and names related to the witch names
	Strega - italian
	Elena - shining light
	Lenka - light
	Lanka - witchy slang
	Etel - righteous witch slang
	Venifica - Latin witch
	Sabrina - tv big tits
	Willow - tv buffy
	Edna - hewbrew rebirth
	Belladonna - italian beauty, english poison

	Lissandra - videogame "League" evidently she's overpowered ice witch
	McCarthy - both a name and a negative slang
	
nickname / slang

	ZipWitch - Stripper slang
	jadis
	hellcat
	Wilf - witch i'd like to feel
	
here are cuter/ sexier witch names (no double meaning)
activity
	walpurgisnatch

slang
	horcrux
	biwitchual - does not mean bisexual, qualities of evil and good
	
nickname
	wicca
	heroine - female hero, not to be mistaken for heroin (drug)
	zafriah - screaming witch (orgasm?)
	
	weenja - ninja witch
	
	nellith
	
	housewitch / kitchenwitch
	
queen of blades
kerrigen
karen - She demands respect and attention. Or she'll get the manager! likely Starcraft reference.
		
ths person doesn't exist...

rabbit words, no embellishment
	Lepus n
	leporine adj
	Oryctolagus cuniculus
	lagomorph (fam. taxonomy)
	doe (fem rabit eng.)
	usagi (rabit japanese)
	Gomphos elkema (ancient nohoppprabbit)
	
	Leporidae (rabbit and hare)
	fluffle - group of wild rabbits (10-50?)
	colony, nest, warren - living together
	herd - group of rabbits?
	kitten/kit - baby
	kindling - giving birth
	
	kounanthrope - Greek for wererabbit, rabbit + man
	
	coelha - Portuguese
	krolyk - Ukranian & Russian
	
	lapine, biche (well this is unfortunate) - French
		prefer lop or lap/lapin to the French nouns
		
		or better yet one of the special breeds of rabbits
	
forced rabbit puns, slang, bad jokes, crude observations, and facts
	
	being like a bunny for one- is a horny
	looking like a bunny- is a cute
	doing the bunny- is a naughty
	anal bunny- I've never heard this offline
	bun means butt so bunny could mean the butt, or butt lover, or someone with a really nice butt
		
	lag / delay, lagging (hacker-laming)
	lag - british slang (arrest) I really had to reach for that one, why's this the first thing Pekora memed?
	
	laggard (pronoun adj)
	
	dogging - to slack or to lag behind
	dog-it, dogged
	
	"lag kills" "blame lag" "lag hacking"
	
	lepus- leprechaun pussy?
		on the next rung up bunny translates to lepus- so bunny is also 'the pussy,' ok then
		
	leporine- it makes me think of a ballerina hang on leporina, lebonina, the doki doki game? Libitina. Close.
	
	Oryctolagus- erectolygist
	cuniculus- cunnlingus, cunny, eating pussy
	
	usagi (hehehehehehe) "I asked my girlfriend to wear the usa gi but she wasn't ready to love that hard"
	
	Leporidae- the booor I date
	
	Unrelated things with the word lag 
	animal. Gray Lag Goose
	
	Bunner- Someone who likes rabbits

	technical.
	lag bolt, lag screw - part of barrel staves, a piece of wood
	
	bunny is obviously going to be some kind of masturbatory equipment
	
	bunnygirls / bunnysuit is a very popular form-fitted costume sporting a bunny tail and bunny ears while exposing cleavage from a bodice
	
	A bunny costume or suit may refer to something bigger like an Easter rabbit
		
	anthropomorphic - human resembling an animal
	Furry - animal resembling a human, or a human sexually attracted to animal traits (a bit questionable)
	lagomorph - human with rabbit features
	
	the furry scale - 
		keeping the assbone and skeleton of a human constant
		
		a person with a tail and ears is not furry, they're mistaken for cosplay easily
		
		a person with every other characteristic of a rabbit except tits and human-oils coating their genitalia, is definitely furry (but still human)
		
		a person about a foot tall, is still human, but consult a doctor, a gynacologist even. You aren't putting anything in without certain biases.
		
		
	- Sexually suggestive things to focus on that aren't visual
		Lag (dogging)
		Lapus/Cuniculus
		
		no gag reflex, paired with carrots by media (blowjob, kinda)
		
		bunny meant squirrel (Old English), squirrels fight and bite and wrestle
		
		
	
	- lesser known facts
		rabbits can climb trees
		rabbits don't turn their eyes
		rabbits don't need to blink, inner eyelid
	
	
	- and some other 
	they hide eggs as Easter fairytale
	
	they're fecund and birth betwen four and five 4-5 weeks, 
	seven 7 average, fifteen 15 max, immediately can birth again
	
	the does ovulate because they are having sex (and) not because they want to have sex
	
	
	Watching rabbits dig holes - must have been extremely exciting for old folks.
	
	they display nesting and bonding behaviors, they can live in social groups bigger than a single family, they have a simple hierarchy that does not limit breeding or feeding
	
	rabbits are born eyes shut, ears shut, furless
	
	rabbit milk has extremely high calories
	
The hero's a nightmare
	I no longer kidd, I am joking
...
male witch (unconfirmed)
	wytch

	witcher - videogame, or someone who says 'witch' a lot

...
SLANG FOR 'HACKER' or puns

offensive
	liquid (bullet, echo, boyfriend, dollar bill, handshake, giveashit, hollar, girlfriend, lips, son)
	
	
	spankkiddie, pantsrox, notjoeboy, hackler, assleet, hexxor
	
	sootme, blackerthanthou
	
	lamer, colmore, jaggar
	
friendly sounding

	faeLLelike, notfailme, devil
	
	tamer, circuit girl, snayke, twide
	
	xgeist - I don't know what is happening can you show me?
...
ACTUAL NAMES

...
SLANG FOR 'WITCH' OR OTHER
SWITCH - I ALREADY MADE THIS REFERENCE
...
SLANG FOR OTHER
...
PEJORATIVE
...
SEXUAL OR PROVOCATIVE PHRASES

	- Dogbites
	- Puppy face, referring to a woman who's been bitten on her face by a puppy



	- Dog witch - Created by eating witch cake.

	Bitch Witch - Obvious
	Bwitch - Obvious 
	Ditch Witch - Bitches who ditch
	Ditch Bitch - Just more clever ways to say you hate someone

activites involving witches
	bicca - (danger) wicca currently behaving like a bitch
	witch riding - Halloween witch hat
	
	Witch cake - a type of cake made with witch piss. You feed it to a dog. It becomes a witch?
...
pronouns for 'witch'
Book whore
Wicked tight sheaths
Slut

succubus 
...
male pronouns for 'manwitch'
wizard
nightmare (titfucking)
stud (pussy)

incubus
...
neutral pronouns
angels (no suc), qarînah (good suc)


