There are some major changes in Sanctimonious Dearth from the Internal Dankness story.

In SD there is no emphasis on dankness. Bliss can be seen as acquisition of carnal knowledge.

What is Cosmic Horny? 

	According to Illmuire:
	
	Knowledge is dearth. Knowledge is ignorance.
	
	Any knowledge resembling book learning is a pretty awful waste of time.
	
	You should be fucking.
	
	There is spirituality, sexuality, and sensual carnality. In a literal sense and a kink.
	
	
Ok Don't Explain this
The Tome (Original from Eternal Darkness)
	Flesh bone bound together with the oddest magical incantation

	Internal Dankness [awesomness; dampness]
	
	Sanctimonious Dearth [death/earth; lack of righteousness]
		I don't really know what this is about; godlessness in a place that doesn't exist?


[u]The Tome of Internal Dankness[/u] has the knowledge of ages. A history of mankind.
	To boon chosen in their quest to rival the ancients and reach bliss.
	
	Which they succeeded. Illmuire is here. For all intents and purposes, this is bliss, right?
	
	She makes a forgery, The Tome of Eternal Bliss. It's not really going to help.

The original tells a story about harboring a weidler from the danger of magic and the like.
	That's really up to Her now.

Normally the tome has these effects
	sexuality
	pleasures imparted 
	esp to visually identify the alignments
	feel the affects taking place 
	...to stay in control
	
	and at the end of a chapter, if the heroes fail (and they do)
	
	The original tome is powerful enough to find a new living host at some point. It reappears in a parallel dimension and brings the chosen to it.

About the Mechanics, 
	in general, people don't start screwing full force... it could be because they are still in control.

	What mechanics? Pay no mind here... 

The alignments of SD are pink, milk, and black (for He still reins).

Pink is the weakest alignment, and milk will always win HARDER.

red pink: physical, libido, aggression
blue milk: magic, vanity, craving

based on their alignment:
 pink -vadge/penis, very strong, regen
 f| Giant Amazon or Shining Gladiator
 m| goliath, 2-dick horse with hands, lips, vore, and 1-tentacle mouth
 angel tits, uses pussy to 1-h-ko
 spiked dick
 
 milk - tits, ass, voluptuous
 f| genie, big-tit mage multi-orgasm, perma tentacle buff aka specters
 m| djinn, sucks into body, has one normal penis
 seductress, swallowing cum
 cosmic cock, #actually this should augment a femal part
 
 
 black - dick girl / bukkake man
 

 
"After reading the story we might learn more." - Illmuire.





exposition.txt

Illmuire has the tome so...
	All things above are subject to change. This is her world.