
when aroused, sensitive erogenous spots feel it

an observer and the one being aroused both enjoy

r, b, g
pink, milk, gold

r pink: physical, libido, aggression
b milk: magic, vanity, craving
g gold: mischief, lust, ignorance (however intelligent)

-the arousal- process with emphasis for character personality
	r: for libido emphasize the engorged erections, the physical feeling during intercourse, the difficulty or force involved in the act
	
	b: for vanity em. the beauty perceived, the need to climax, and the breed-quality
	
	g: for lust manipulating the orgasm, the emotional context, an emphasis on veiling motive (to control) with fantasy

-the emotional- emphasis due to worldbuilding is stilted
	r: almost none
	b: excessive, voyeuristic
	g: manipulative, compulsory attention to detail

Someone's blatantly manipulating sexual investment. That's the wheelhouse of The goddess of creation.

Blatant sex negativity and illusions are the wheelhouse of the misfit who wants to control intercourse itself.

And to balance it out there's a god that fucks everyone if they can't get their shit together.

The real world story is more complicated because all these forces resembling human nature are always in play. And because the god that fucks everyone is an incredibly violent thing, the sex negative illusion obsessed with controlling the world and screaming and crying and acting like a baby forcing orgasm denial becomes the most violent force toting guns and swinging swords around without asking questions.

By the way even if I'm not immediately rewriting the green story. The green story does involve killing people to control the world.

The red story involved fucking people to control the world.

The blue story is... emotion. Real emotion, not the fake shit.

In the next arc Milk, I have to use the affects of wealth and manipulation to beat milky opponents, aka big titty orgasm.

Desire will beat Libido, and to beat Desire I must adopt the affects of Lust in a world where most of the women have followed the rules of honoring Libido,

it's difficult to find such affects because even the Yakre zealots have resorted to nothing but violence.

so, no thanks, reciting poems probably won't get me a good lay in real life

but you're right, reciting poems in Milk arc, will 

This is a definite 4th wall break. This entire sex talk's a 4th wall break. Even so, I'll try to work it into the story.