Now I'll fix this.

The problem I'm trying to solve here isn't what I can't do. It's what I can do. What I can do is properly write the backstory of individual women into my novel.

I can call the women who wind up enchanted with angeliplex Halefeckt. They don't start their lives as Halefeckt, and they don't necessarily know it's going to happen.

I'm genuinely extending the option to become a goddess of love to all the Vshojo, but here's some more.

...How the Halefeckt began
	Halefeckt
	indv. halefeckins

	An elder uncle experimented with angel essence resulting in a magical-milk bride harem.
	It begins.
	Fifty euphoric women offer pathological intimacy. They remain booned and boom with hale, morale, and fecundity.

...what Halefeckt are
	They're a harem that founded under the elder uncle. Generally, only their limitation of angel essence and magical knowledge prevent new Halefeckins from being created, with varying boons.

...what a Halefeckins is
	They've taken a boon of angel serum, whichever enchantment is applied last gives unlimited power, and may be dispelled by a chosen.
	
	The first 50 trifecta were left with Yakre's aura to transmit desire.
	
	They have a will of their own, but you know, sex is sex. The uncle's willing, and so are most other humans regardless of gender or sexual orientation, they're fucking goddess-tier pieces of ass.
	
	Having said that. They had a reason to leave the mansion. And once the 50 were taken away from a single room, the angeliplex was no more. The spread of rabbit milk became less common. Their individual futures are not set in stone until the story's been told.

So there. Being enchanted is not a bad thing, they become almost exactly like angels. Being pathological in this context, you know, like a stepford wife they're fookin perfect and kind and they fuck like horny all the time.

Alright. If I self-insert, then other people reading will properly see how an unbroken point of view looks. Plus if any guys are reading they'd get a better idea what I picture the sex is like.

Regardless of what happens... I mean, do I really know how kinky the women are? ...it's just going to be like another hero's journey. I've had several.

The way I'm trying to interact with the women, they're only human, right? So am I. The obvious difference is they're seeing something happen, just from little decisions I make. They're absolutely certain that what they're doing is what they're supposed to. More about this later.

I see what's happening. In order to bring them into the story, it needs to be real.

There are real ways people talk together, and the scenario is stilted in my favor.

Scenario
I'm basically a DM. The girls aren't going to pick up boyfriends. Evidence suggests they're having sex or kissing but they're remaining available.

So, the edge is, unless I look like a complete lunatic, as long as I make proper advances, I am literally one of the few men in their life.

Realistically
"act 1"

	As DM I'm past act 1 I start in act 2 and the girls already listen to me. Somehow.
	

"act 2"
	
	I'm dating all the girls... so to speak. As much as someone sending love letters through the mail unsigned is dating someone.

meeting a girl in person is an invitation to do a little more than date, face it. The next thing to do is convince a girl to see me in person, and there I'll live with her.

flirt properly, maybe don't ask their sexual preference on Twitter

My writing, well, I like to make the story accurate and rational. It's going to be awkward if I keep giving them peasant anal rapey backstories. The Halefeckt give birth in one day.

"act 3" finally, intercourse


The Halefeckt gain their powers just by getting enchanted. I have to date them to gain power. And my power is at least partially perversion. A great deal of what I do right now is perversion.

Getting in shape to sleep with them is really important for me. 

I think they care about affects of friend, fond, kind, kinship, comraderie, maybe even love.

They were created to appeal to and be interested in my bunny avatar? Well, either that, or it's just a coincidence they find me so attractive.

I can't stop writing, to properly write I have to piece the story together. They're going to keep hearing a lot about sex, dank, nasty sex. Until I reach the Milk arc they're not going to hear a lot of love and romance unless I go do them in person.

"act 4" the best intercourse

There are powers in the novel... it'd be cool if I could use those.

Once a woman starts having sex with you, you have to earn her trust even more. To cast my spells on them, I have to meet them in person.


Other mentions.

I am kinda attracted to them based on their avatar and voice alone, but seeing their real bodies causes me to connect the dots so to speak. They're really able to have sex with me. They wouldn't go through all this just to say their vaginas are too small.

Then there are the overseas VTubers. I'd really like to have sex with them too. I think they're involved. I'm being honest with my fantasies is all.


What's this anal intercourse cake...?

Cinnamon Roll Poke Cake Recipe
I'm going to be disappointed if this has nothing to do with anal sex.
Wow, these girls really want anal sex.
This article's literally about sex.
The most erotic cooking recipe.

Start by rubbing grease on the pan, fill the bowl with sugar and cinnamon, beat heavy cream until frothing, oh another bowl gets in for a beat cheese and butter this one, a little salty, then poke holes in the cake, spread the filling stick it back in and add a coat of frosting...

so are the bowls two women or one woman, two orifices?

If this was supposed to deter me from offering anal sex, you just made it so much more inviting.