
I didn't add many small details, which I'm definitely a fan of small details. Pursing lips while sucking cock is something I absolutely like to see, the way the woman's face moves.

If I'm going to write anything really well, I need to be willing to expand the level of detail beyond the sex and into emotional context.

I have seen some incredible sexual fantasies in my time browsing the internet. Despite the fictional context of many I have come to enjoy certain particular elements. I would gladly play the role of a male in my smut I've written. For ease of accessibility, I would only turn down the chance to experience a fantasy after it was presented in adequate detail. In the stories I write everyone enjoys the experience because they have the equipment and the personalities necessary.

I have written some incredible sexual fantasies. If even a portion, a single character element of one of these stories I've written had an opportunity to be experienced, it deserves me to be in creative control to make sure any extrapolated elements are equally enjoyable and acceptable to me.

Want examples?
Send me a woman with the body of a goddess. I will test her quality of coitus.
Send me a woman with the stature of an angel, and the desire to screw all night.
A woman with a clit inside her vagina. I would fuck a human woman like this.
A woman who thinks she's too short to be attractive, but clearly isn't bad looking. A woman who thinks she's too cute, or too perfect. A woman who believes she's a social outcast because she's introverted. Absolute sluts with bodies like an Amazon, a nymph, an elf, or ultimate bunny.

There are also a number of teenage amateur pornstars and penetrative acts that I'd like to screw.

Hmm. The VTubers. I guess if I had social skill I'd personally ask which of the fantasies I've written they'd like to try out with me. 

(if not specified, all females I'd have sex with are human)
(if not specified, all females have perfect medical histories)
(unless specified, Erica Rose Campbell, pseudonym, she's the approximate image of the ultimate bunny but her face and placid attitude are slightly different from the actress/glamor model )