I want women I'm attracted to to want me. I want them to want me to enjoy being with them.

Mutual want and being physically healthy we want to copulate to the most pleasure that can be felt in a short time together.

No more villain roleplay. There must be a way to transfer that skill to something equally influential.

What if I broke into their house and sucked their dick?

I've been getting woken up at night and I swear it hurts my head and body. I can't tell what would happen if the means were more physical. Would waking up to oral sex be any different from any other disturbance? It's just something I'd have to experience or I'm going to romanticize it. If I could change the way someone thinks with a single bold act, how far am I willing to go?

It might be illegal to suck someone's dick, I never bothered to look into it. I know it's in porn pretty much all the time. Why wouldn't I personally suck dick? It's a moral issue. Alright it might be because I find men too easy to gain access to.

It's not illegal to eat pussy. There's no rape law about sucking at a clit. I believe I could be in trouble for eating out a girl who's too young but the whole point is sex is supposed to have power.

You don't have to be a prostitute. It's like being a stripper, only the unuspecting partygoers are expecting some alone time. Maybe they think they'll touch their self. When a stranger shows up at their door.

It doesn't matter if they're rich or poor. Messy work requires special training.

Politics don't really have as much of an impact as the public thinks. But if politicians were coerced they could bring light to violence. If public figures talked about the deadliness, or rather the value of training, they could drive funding.

Elderly men especially are not sexually inactive. I think I'd do anything for someone who gave me oral sex.

Eating the pussy of a sexually active woman is risky.

The people who've gone without for some time are easy targets. The impression will be long lasting. It's like planting a seed of trust. If you give a guy head, then they believe you love them, and one day they think the seed you planted will grow, but you don't have to let it grow. They'll keep trying to nourish it. When they get like this you can also have sex with them all you like and each time you can suggest, you could ask favors, it's almost too much power. You have to be a particular kind of person to do this.

In the off chance you encounter someone like you, I guess you can only fuck. Not everyone is so easily manipulated.

Ok there's another concept of comforting someone. I was thinking more along the lines of creating a sense of awe. If there's someone doing things you tell them, it could be pushing them. It's very effective to comfort them and reassure them. It's quite possible that if someone were not physically active, this is the next best option to quickly plant a seed. They are not at their best, make them into the person they want to be, make them believe they're doing something. If you enjoy sex, make them physically active before pushing them.

When I get mad playing video games, I consider if the person were the opposite gender I could wear them out. If they want sexual favors they wouldn't dare screw with me after that. I guess it's true if they're the same gender. I mean, I could hire someone else to fuck a guy and he wouldn't mess with me.

I'm not sure what that was about. I don't think I'm very good at oral.

I like oral hygeine.

The novel I'm rewriting right now can provide many sexual fantasies, but unless I'm asked how it might work and paid to get it done right, it's not worth imitating. In a really screwed up version of reality, I would very much like to be the one having sex with all the women.

It's not just a fantasy that attractive people would rather easily pass for the characters, as long as they follow the rules.

If I have to work at a menial labor job dealing with people in person for even a single week to get a girlfriend I'm going to treat her very badly. Oh but that's where all the sex-negative workplace ethic came into play already, this plan shouldn't work. That's what I'm talking about, you have to steal social experiences because American society is outright making up dangers and legal precedents to inform people they can't have sex.

Part of what I plan to do in a relationship is film her consent on camera and upload us having sex online, so it's not like it's a big mystery how fucked my girlfriends are.

First I'll force her to improve her habits against her will unless she goes crazy enough to call the cops or attack me. Second I'll make her adopt exercise.

I'll let her suck my dick any time she wants. When she's in shape and horny enough to beg I'll stick it to her but I won't let her enjoy her body for nothing. I'll break out some shitty behavior if she's not perfect. If she'll do extra things I want without training her and pushing her to do them then I'm not stupid I'll recognize it but anything you teach someone is just an extension of your own ego, you'll never recognize them for it. Why should I learn from you or acknowledge you after you learn from me?

If women don't like it, blame society. If you keep demanding you know better and make things worse, damn you to hell. This is why we're like this.