Regarding growing up, I've only been wrong about one thing.

When I was young I thought squealing girls were annoying, now they give me a boner.

I can make a general statistic of a character's healing and physical prowess based on injury, activity, and diet. This means I can make a very accurate prediction of libido based on the same. Personality determines how someone would naturally become aroused. The one thing I can't predict is experience. A lesser stimuli is better for the inexeperienced. There's also kink which may hold sway in completely irrational unpredictable ways.

I can't write a character in my novel as a leading protagonist if their kink is a turn off, if they're libido surpasses the supervillain archetype I've created, if they've already experienced dankness. And I can't describe an exotic beauty in words that the reader has no prior knowledge of.

I've probably contradicted the purpose of cosmic horror in detailing sexual activity to an excruciating factor. Yes, knowing the great unknowable is far more gratuitous than titillating it. Your mind does not go numb without hormones, physical interference, nutritional deficiency, or a disposition bordering on apathy.


When I try to speak normally, I can't talk without making women wet. 

And by wet, I mean the g-spot squirts its lubricant onto the pussy lips making them drool out that stuff, and it makes sticking my cock in easier and pleasurable for both of us.

So, to cover up my sexual prowess among people I don't know I sound overly excited. However, recently I've fallen into a relaxed casual way of talking and it's starting to take a toll of the females around me. Is it a curse or a blessing?

By the way the interpretation of being crazy as a manic state of mind is almost always correct. So making women crazy means they're putting out for you. They're looking to have sex with the person that turned them on, made them crazy. I know, I make girls go crazy. I always knew.


After I changed my diet. After three days I felt like I needed to have an orgasm really bad. Two days ago I felt like I'd cum when I started to piss. After just fourteen days now, I'm cumming after I piss, white stuff confirmed. When I abstained two months in the past I was squirting cum after pissing, but it wasn't this obvious so early on. Am I going to have an orgasm by pissing one day?

Ironically, I don't have wet dreams. I am not sure what I've been dreaming while asleep recently.

For the record I don't think I can actually pee while aroused so it's kind of strange that in this case cum finds its way out during urination. I guess it's a siphon. It's either a siphon, or the flow of urine is able to stimulate, or the slight change in pressure pushes the seminal fluid's chamber, but in this case I cum after pissing, like a few seconds after. The feeling of piss escaping my urethra might be causing a premature ejaculation, but I don't feel the piss, so my ejaculation reflex is directly caused by something sliding through my urethra.

I'm just going to have to add more scenarios where a male orgasm gets forced by probing deeper. Deeper than a human tongue goes.

--

I want to make people really happy. People want to make eachother happy. I've been doing all I can. I swear there's never enough that can be done to increase the happiness in this world.

Let people like me who want to experience depravity be like the fuckboys or the sluts. Let people like me who want to reach the top be like the heros.

-- alt

I want to make people happy, and the first step to getting there is to meet expectation.

After that, follow through by giving them what they want, giving them something they need, and giving them something even better than they had imagined.

If by all means, I can't surpass the imagination, then give them what they want until they can give me an understanding of their desire.