Stopping at a covered enclosure, there's a valid chance to survey.  The nearby environment must be added to the map manually for complete accuracy.

"Small animals. Water. Trees. Flowering."

The equipment makes a racking noise as it's hoisted upon my shoulders.

"Mael?"

"Yes Scrap?"

"I hate this nickname by the way. Supplies are low, calling the mission off, returning to base."

"Let me help."

A ration lands in front of me.

"That's..."

"That is a week of dry rations. I saw the water you labeled, just use the appropriate water treatment tablets."

"Thanks."

"There's nothing here, this mission was a waste of time."

Just a week later I survey the entire area and walk or climb ten hours to a low enough extraction point.

"Mael where's the bull?"

"You called scrap?"

Did I forget?

"The bull. ETA?"

"You should time your arrival for five hours."

"Make sure it gets here."

Back at base.

"Recruitment officer can you reassign the guards to a selection?"

I fuck Mael and tell her the guards were paid extra to make sure she'll be ok. I do this for a few weeks until Mael quits.

Mission Hijack


There is a briefcase disguised server that needs to be destroyed. The target needs to be confirmed and taken out.

Outside two people meet. They shake hands, they appear to discuss something trivial and separate. They both leave with a case.

The man walks to a private work-booth.

He opens the case and turns on a laptop. The contents of dozens of adult websites is secured by yours truly.

"Jackpot. If I secure it there won't be any problem."

Perusing the available models there's an amazing number of fitness babes. I email them.

"Long term contract?"

A woman on her phone is questioning this.

"Amazing pay."

Back at base, about a week later. I contact the recruitment interview.

"Sir. The women showing up, are they going to train?"

I hang my head low.

"Listen. They'll do whatever you tell them keeps them fit."

"Understood."

I got a lot of hand jobs from then on. We all did.

The men set up a proper studio. There's a dungeon, a bedroom, a lavish bath.  We have some fun pooling money so that the women will do more energetic shoots.

The fitness porn sites are going under slowly so I upload some of the videos.

Feeling lonely I get a sex friend from the briefcase.

"Cat girl..."

A very short girl with a trenchcoat steps off a helicopter. Someone's spying from the defense windows.

Waiting in my office I finally get a knock on the door. On the ground just out there is a girl, I feign ignorance about buying her and give her a candy bar.

"I can't go outside because of this massive boner I have after peeking at your butt while you ate."

She pulls down her pants slightly while looking away and asks for help.

If her pants come off like this I'm going to maul this pussy.

So there I am rubbing my dick on her ass for 10 minutes.

"This is making me feel so bad."

I shove as much in her pussy as I can. It was nice and wet on the inside.