I've never seen such a cock crazy dame.

There's something seriously upsetting about how she doesn't look at anything but my dick.

When I'm tired she'll be there creeping. What's the motivating facts?

"Jesus Christ leave me alone" yeah she didn't like hearing that.

Soon enough. next timwe met the bitch had her friends rape me. It gets fucknntense watch.

They all wore girl outfits they looked too young. "Quiet or we'll yell rape." that they told me.

They got me.

The one staring at my dick the whole time. They hit me until I took off my pants and slipped my underwear. They felt it up like they checked for if it was a hernia or tumor or if anything else was there.

"I'm going to " she started suck. I'm serious. The suck. Why the fuck would she do that? I don't believe. There's no reason someone would go out of their way let alone girls. There's no reason she'd ever have to explain this absolute fucking shit.

I don't ever want to talk with these fucking cocksuckers again. I've got to live with knowing they're here. What am I going to do? I can't do anything. They can do that, whenever they want? There's no justice. There's no reason for me to trust anyone. I haven't even told my girlfriend.

If I get them recorded on video, maybe I can submit that to a courtroom.

A day later.

They took my camera after I think there are videos circulating on the internet. My girlfriend's going to find out. They got. I can't say it. I can't. They... they got someone else to do it. I think she was innocent, but now they have a video tape my camera, a video tape of my penis. What is motivating these women, how am I supposed to stop this now?

A day later.

I can't get out of it. I can't they.

They got me.

That girl can do that to me. I just want to live happily with my girlfriend and they won't publish the video.

weeks, months, years

"I don't feel like going out." I tell her. "Let's stay here we're fine, I feel better staying at home."

Because, no matter where we go.

at the movies

My hand is resting on my girlfriend, but there's someone who came in with us, sitting next to me. I can tell she's looking at my cock. Her hand covered in popcorn grease finds its way into my pants at the worst point in the movie and.

at the supermarket

a short woman stops me to pick up something off a high shelf, it wasn't an accident she felt it

I went to the bathroom there and a woman came into the men's room and we...

at the mall

groups of girls are staring at me, any one of them could be it I make it back to the parking lot with my girlfriend and she gives me a hug by the car.