--15--

In 4th period geology class.

Layla is sitting two desks away from Mike. She passes a note she wrote to him. 

"Wait a few minutes after the bell rings. I need to ask you something."

After reading this letter, Mike felt a bit skeptical, but he did as it asked. Layla came up to him directly and said if he wanted to spend time with her, he should be at the school gym after school was over.  She told him this after most of the classroom had emptied out, but while the teacher was listening.

The teacher is one of the inner circle from the coven, Ms. Sheebs. Quite a few students were also from the coven in numerous classes, but they were disorderly and didn't know each other too well. But for the time being, everyone knew Layla and Samantha and they knew they had almost free reign because of this. So a little flirtation would be completely permissible.

--16--

Later in the gymnasium, on the benches.

A number of athletes are practicing acrobatic gymnastics.  Some of the moves they display frighten Layla a bit, but also excite her at their disregard for danger. What a show.

"Did you have to see me so bad you couldn't visit me at the store?" Mike snuck up behind Layla and intended to scare her by saying this suddenly.

Layla shivered a bit and bit her lip while breathing in before she responded breathily. "Shouldn't you be an expert with your hands by now?"

Mike nearly cracked up, but after a moment said, "I'm sorry? Why are you talking about my hands all of a sudden?"

"Oh I just thought, you worked on crafts so you must use your hands."

"I mostly do inventory." The conversation grew stale quickly. Layla decided she needed her plan to work soon, or it wouldn't work at all.

"Do you have a cell phone?" She went direct for the kill.

"Sure, but my dad will kill me if I spend all day on it." He takes out his phone and starts acting as though he will put it back.

"Oh I just need to send you a couple of pictures." Layla takes the phone and then copies the number on it to hers and then immediately gives it back. "Wait here a moment." She gets up and gives Mike a long smile, then walks away swerving her hips exaggeratedly.

--17--

She feels so hot. The man of her fantasy is about to see her in a new light. Maybe he'll even want to go right at it with her... today.

Layla takes off her clothes and changes into the skimpy gym suit that was zero-tolerance, against regulations. It was far too tight and showed the crack of her ass and you could practically see straight through it. The top of the suit revealed her breasts because of how tight they were, and they stretched out, so her nipples showed straight through despite wearing a bra. She removes a couple of her hair decorations and tied her hair up with black ribbons. Then she puts on long gym socks.

She gets her phone out and takes some pictures, sending each one to Mike.  Some of the gym equipment was in there, and it looked fun to play with as well.