
--1--

I decided today is the best day of my life, because today I am going to end it all.

Yesterday and the day before, and maybe even all last year I felt crushing defeat because I just didn't know what to do with my life. I was never going to be somebody. I was a complete waste of space when I hung around my friends. School was boring. I haven't thought of anything to do when I grow up. All I ever felt like doing was resting at home.

So here I am, I volunteer for crap my friends find exciting. Today I'm a human sacrifice.

--2--

Three of us are completely naked, ready for display. I think maybe we will be abused or drugged. We're bound in case anyone chickens out. One by one we're led into the next room.

I saw a few glamorously dressed girls taking stuff just before the ceremony began.  Maybe that would have been more fun, being with them. I saw where the sacrifices were going, straight to the center of the room.  Center of attention going by the stuff etched on the floor.

Now we're being bound to thick wooden planks. Our soft bondage is replaced by metal chains. A bit of wood is placed in our mouths, in case things get intense enough we'll convulse.  I see women holding dishpans and they walk behind me.

The position was uncomfortable and embarrassing. I wonder if barn animals feel ashamed with their butts in the air, no escape. My cunt is tingling, I trimmed it for looks earlier today but the exposure is new to me.

We are whipped. The girl doing it is careful to only hit the muscular part of my rear, and never the sensitive parts between either rump. I feel a fear of homosexuality well up and dissipate while this happens.

Chanting begins.

The whip didn't feel enthusiastic until those last two smacks when the chanting got louder. I am such a baby I cry. My face is right against the floor, so nobody is going to notice.

--3--

Four hours in. My joints hurt. I think I have to use the toilet. I really, really, really want to hold it in. I definitely won't be able like this for long. I hear water running, the girl who is tied down on my left just went. I kind of feel sorry for her.

--4--

I'm so tired. Something is happening, maybe someone set off a smoke bomb. There's a loud noise and someone talking. The pain in my legs is too much and I think I shat myself a minute ago so I'm going back to sleep. I feel much more comfortable now that I'm on my side.

--5--

We're outside. It's a bit chilly. I see a lot of other naked girls who look scared. There weren't supposed to be so many. I fit right in, am I dead?

Someone runs up to me. "You were chosen!"

I don't get it.

After minutes pass, two girls are leading me around, they are wiping soot from my body. They're cleaning the shit off my ass. There's some perfume, and I'm not sure what else.

A chubby girl with piercings plays with my nipples a bit. I poke her back humorlessly and try to say something. "What is this?" Great! I can talk, that doesn't feel like much of a relief. I shouldn't even be able to breathe at this point. My life is officially over. I even fail as a human sacrifice.

"If you play with them they'll stick out. I heard about that, somewhere." She indicates my currently sore nipples. "You need to look your best. Try smiling. You're about to meet that man again. That's what you are here for."

I feel like this is going all wrong. I force a smile, she smiles back and then goes away. "Good." I think. But nothing is good, I'm dead inside. I'm just waiting for my next order.

"He's this big. You're so lucky."

She then holds her hands out way too wide apart and laughs like she's lost her mind.

--6--

A naked man is sitting on a chair outside, surrounded by everyone from the ceremony. He's talking with Celes. I think I know the voice, wasn't he there right when I was released?

This was either the freakiest dream or most elaborate hardcore porno ever. There are no cameras in view. Maybe he paid Celes a lot of money, and in the end I'm sealing a sponsorship deal. My head is just full of weird crap now.

When I'm close enough I can see his cock is very much ready for sex. I have a vague idea how I'm involved, I've already been to health class in highschool and I've seen some Penthouse magazines my dad hides.  My mind wanders back to the first impression I had. But where did they hide the cameras?

There's one girl in front of me. I think she is not one of the sacrifices.  She's also young. A very perverse scene is about to unfold. I watch half expecting her to touch him.

She kneels, he touches her! She stands up, she walks off. I'm confused. They're taking this to a whole new level of pranks if I'm the star of the show.

This time it repeats. About one foot away, I think of how weak I feel. Of course. This is some big joke. He won't be so gentle with me.

I'm close enough that I think I can smell him, and he smells like sex. My nostrils are burning and tears well up in my eyes.

He puts his hands on my shoulders and asks my name. Should I use a fake name?

I remember I wanted to die, this can't make it any worse.

"Layla Flannery."

--7--

"Layla too! Look!"

She felt oddly satisfied at first. Her work was done. She could find out what the other girls thought about her performance later and contemplate suicide another time. She was also incredibly exhausted from everything by now. Then she thought about the time when a few boys in her old elementary school began picking on her.

"Keep away," he repeated, "keep away." This went on for a while. But when 'Lala Fatfat' as they called her back then stopped chasing after her animal key chain they seemed to lose interest. Almost too fast.

What an odd thing to think of. She laughed at this. "Why am I laughing?" She was not only laughing, she felt good. She had a great day.
