created 8/12/2012
by JC

Brief about mouse maze-like game mechanic:
if a person irl hits a wall, they fall over and become disoriented
if you touch a wall with your mouse cursor you lose it
combine: if you guide someone into a wall with a mouse cursor they'd fall over and become disoriented.

additional nuance:
You (the mouse) are a lightsource, you can see things that a person following can't.

NPC generalization:
Someone is attracted to your mouse
At least at first. 
They will follow until distracted or caught off guard.

cast of characters:
MAIN CHARACTERS (CHAR):
THE LIGHT (TL):
	A light. ? (probably will look like a fairy/navi ripoff)

	Ghosting mechanic, movement:
	transparency with ease /  window,  translucency / plastic.
	
	reflective magical objects teleport / portal / mirrors / water 
	
	opaque slowly permeable or porus objects 
	
	other? situational
	
THE FOLLOWER (TF):
	A person/interested harmless
	
	Bumps into everything that isn't clear air, and sometimes even then...
	Trips over things that aren't clearly there.
	Follows THE LIGHT directly.
	REQUIRES GUIDANCE
	
ANTAGONISTS (ANTI):
THE NUISANCES (TN):
	Calls to THE FOLLOWER
	Waves at TF
	Gets in the way of TF intentionally
	REQUIRES RESPONSES

THE BRATS (TB):
	Trips or Scares TF
	Those able will trap TL for just a short time
	REQUIRES TOOLS

THE BRUTES (BS):
	Aggressive toward TF
	Inherits characteristics of TF

THE SLIPS (PS):
	Aggressive toward TL
	Inherits characteristics of TL
	
THE THINGS (TS):
	Inherits characteristics of PS AND BS (WITH TL AND FL)

MYSTERY (MYST): 
THE PUZZLES (PZL):
	Produce ITM that must be accessible. Accessible: found outside the scope of a solved PZL.
	PZL may be hidden by another PZL
	
THE ITEMS (ITM):
	Formed for a puzzle
	Produce various effects
	
THE JOKES (JK):
	Offer guidance to TF
	Tell tales related to things inside the game.
	Ask for guidance from TL
	Give useless ITM

Plot:


BEGINNING

TF IS LOST
setting: dark arena, one spotlight on TF
Enter TF
TF: Help I need to get ...somewhere
More spotlights mark a path
Control TF
Spotlights are dim
TF: I.. can't it's scary
Lose Control of TF
TF weeps

Enter TL
Control TL
TF: Hu?
With TL gain control of TF
TF watches TL until it is close enough to follow
TF with TL close enough follows no matter how far it goes if it stays in sight

Travel a tight path where TF slows down thinking he'll hit walls.
Travel near water and listen to TF complain about slipping.
TF slips if TL goes too far away.
Travel near a pitfall where TF stops if TL shows him too much at once.

The group reaches a window that is lit. TF stops to look through.
TF: I don't know how I got here, but I want to be back outside.
Find a door. TF won't acknowledge it.
TF: I can't see what you're showing me, let's keep going.
Find a dusty window and TL goes through it to display light from the other side.
TF: Ooh. 
TF wipes off the window.
TF: There's nothing here. Please just show me which way to go and I'll follow blindly.
TF now chases TL at an even quick pace when TL goes far
When TL goes out of sight TF either rushes into an object head first or reaches out.
TF: Were you trying to show me something earlier? Take me there please.
TL return to the door with TF eagerly following.
TL shines over the doorhandle and vanishes.
TF trundles forward and smacks the door.
TF: Ow!
TF gets up and feels the area and TL reappears.
TF: When you left me I just stopped thinking, but I would have figured it out.
TF opens door and a bright light washes over.
TL leaves.
TF is safe.

END /BEGINNING


PART 2
TL is introduced in a fairyland. Others like him are around.
The other TLs are doing things which TL may imitate.

One is adjusting its brigtness and flying past a plant that reflects its light.
Another is passing through water and appearing somewhere yonder at a different puddle,
with lightning speed.
Some simply fly in circles or race.
Along the path are some "solid" obstacles which have a range of difficulty.
Most obstacles are easily surpassed.
TL must pass plants that'll grab at him if he's too calm.
TL must pass other plants that crowd him when he's bright.
Some vines simply wrap around and get in the way but a simpler path is available.

There is a place where TL may travel on wisps of pollen in this area.
TL immediately hops on and flys where it takes him.

PART 3
TL sets down near a bustling town, currently invisible.
TL listens in on chatter.
A JK is whining because he can't reach a backpack.
When the JK sees TL he seems confident.
JK: Hello fly, wherever you go I'll follow until I get what I want.
The JK follows as long as he sees FL a specific distance from him.
The backpack is in a locked closet.
JK: I'm here, but where's the spare key?
JK searches but the true entrance is air duct
TL flys to duct and JK enters.
JK takes a backpack and then exits.
JK: Awesome.


TL sees a group of kids who stop talking and stare. TL moves
TB start advancing murmering subtly.
One TB takes out a bugcatching net and swipes, 
TB advances like a fencer and swipes again.
TL is caught, 
But only for a moment, he passes out of the net
Another wants to put 'it' into a jar.
TL brightens enough to become a glare in the sunlight
TBs look away as if glammered. 
TB look around to find TL again


PART 4

TF is alone in his house but he wants to go out.
TF gets on a bike and does a few stunts.
TF throws a boomerang
TN calls to TF so he goes to talk.
TN asks for a few bucks and TF loans his bike.
JK kicks a soccer ball over to TF and asks for the best kick back possible.
TF returns the ball and JK screams because his face was hit
JK stand still screaming and TF is stuck barely moving

TF starts to leave when a flashy car appears.. 
Out strolls BS and starts leading TF around by the arm.
BS listens to dialogue from JK
TN leaves
TL shows up
TF sees TL
TF moves toward TL 
When TF starts to talk
TF: "W...."
BS: Hey get back over here and don't move!
TF: Yes sir.
BS continues talking
TL must tease JK until JK stops crying
JK pretends nothing happened
BS gently twists TF's arm until he agrees he was wrong.
BS leaves but not before he takes any weapons TF has.

TF: ?
TF follows TL

TF is dragged off by a wagon full of BS

PART 5

TL Returns home.
Something strikes TL's small world and the landscape is skewed.
What once was a remarkably simple obstacle course and fun factory.
Now broken
Some of the flowers can frighten TL when he's too fast.
TL becomes hungry and must feed from flowers.
Others like TL behave shy and scared, no longer playful.
TL must leave when PS start gathering other TLs 
TL encounters MYST without the ability to solve alone.

PART 6

TL returns and looks for TF
Some flowers in the city may stave the hunger of TL.
Some low level ANTI now traverse the dark streets.
TF is clearly not there, but he had a son, whome he passed his beliefs to
TF's son is now TF
TF wakes up at the light of TL
TF wordlessly follows TL like in a dream.

PART 7
TL's actions now dictate TF's decisions to a huge degree
It becomes evident that there are MYST in the world TF grew up in
The ways ANTI pass between TF and TL are thorougly introduced
The outcomes of poor ANTI handling will be made apparent
Some BS will return TF back home during PZL sequences and reset
the progress, resetting ITM with reason.
Some PS can control TL in ways rendering a normal situation dangerous.
PS are especially annoying if they attack TL when TF is visible
TF is a motionless coward unless a situation is totally controlled.

PART 8 & ABOVE
MYST and ANTI grow in degree and difficulty.
TF is not adept but may use items under controlled conditions.

OTHER IDEAS
BS are appropriately scaled 
PS are extra sneaky because they're not detectable without direct line of sight.
TS have a hand in altering MYST while they are correctly handled, although
for game purpose the MYST can still be solved.

BONUS JK
