^that's not the book title

spoilers, if you have any idea what I'm talking about

I'm writing something, one of the three aligned factions has a thing for pretending to be ignorant. Their appearance makes them look very innocent. They're very manipulative and only sometimes lose their mind due to indulgence or corruption. I haven't exactly worked out a very good explanation why. That's what I'm here for.

I've written a few characters influenced by and based on this but they're not able to give their all because in the first third of the novel they're the weak faction. They're pretty quickly defeated through the use of physical force and they overreact with bouts of fear and violence. 

My dilemma here is, there should be something like a spark in every character's mind for the manipulator to get what they want. They're physically weak, the entire world will be rearranged so this spark of something like greed as an integral element of each character, the permission to use it is compulsory.

So what is the spark? It can't simply be desire or greed, these are generic terms. I've heard desire split into ignorance, craving, and aggression and I thought, hey that's basically describing what I wrote. Currently, first chapter is aggression, it'll be craving next, and then ignorance, and each trait in its individual third of the novel has a converse, and the factions become strengthened or weakened by resources and their ability to wield the tools that the controlling faction fashions over time.

Typically, the characters are bare-handed in the first third, because they have regen, they don't even care if they are hurt. They're in a world that benefits the strong. To display weakness I have the frail characters have much less impact on the heroes of the story, but they also behave in bizarre uncharacteristic ways like they are out of place.

There's an entire section dedicated to craving coming up. The aggression-aligned characters are the weak faction. There will be a liberal amount of descriptions that would suggest the main character should be attracted to the strong faction. To deal with the characters indulging themselves, I'll have to make use of this idea of a spark of greed, and the provocation from the physically strong characters will somehow be less appealing, but they will try to use the tools of the strong faction poorly as the story motif.

I'm playing with the idea that the level of manipulation that the younger seductresses perform can actually rebound on them, and rather than feigning ignorance, they break down in emotional distress when they start to fail. There are power levels. I can plan ahead and the more gifted manipulators would have backers. But let's not make any mistake the point is, they want to dominate (in bed), the one who dominates the world only changes every 3000 years or something. It doesn't matter what tricks they use but there is only one character with influence over the world during this time span, which somewhat explains why the world gets altered. 

Alright. If you want a better explanation you're just going to have to find what I'm writing.