The names of the characters might be placeholders in any case.

Since writing this, I had to discard names, ethnicities, and redefine how the ancient alignments affect their thralls minor and major.


CHARACTERS
intro scene 

the woman who is hired to have sex with the father till death

SCENE ONE CHAR
assassin Ka "Kazik" Cicada
uncle - Fredrick Royale
protagonist - Shay Royale
aunt - Bethany
harem of maids (vary costumes)
police (all female is less real) ... I made it entire female


describe intercourse IN UNLIMITED DETAIL

composure 
arousal
self control
posture (relative to view)
assets (use creative words and phrases)

Example, As the uncle:
(this is how things would go if Cicada were a green-aligned hire from the underground city)

I see a lithe woman, crouched but likely to be only slightly shorter than me, around 5'6 I'd estimate. ghostly pale skin. I can feel her nipples are thick and hard, they are pressed against my back only cushioned barely by small breasts. Her legs are clothed in an outlandish manner, wrapped in bandages, but only up to her thigh, there is no visible undergarment. The rest of her body is in a light robe. She has a cloth over her mouth. Her neck is thin, the muscles visibly flex as she turns her neck to search. Her eyes dart around, a clever glint about them, a smile of pleasure parts her lips, and she squints slightly, like a furnace ablaze with dirty thoughts.
One of her hands are clenched on my butt. The other strokes my hard shaft. She whispers lewd nonsense to me.

From her actions she is a robber. a sadist. a rapist.
She does things with a shrill voice. an eerie sliding motion. a dagger, her fingernails, her dirty mind.

The last thing of importance that happens while we're together is she shoved my dick against a pane of glass, I came from her lips on my ear. She jerked my cock off against a glass pane while holding my mouth shut.


myself (the uncle): I am 5'8. 51 years old. I no longer work, but I am an archaeologist by trade. Frail and skinny. I have shaggy gray hair. A short beard and trimmed moustache. Bronzed and dried out skin.

My body moves with strain while getting up.

I love my wife, who I've been married to for 13 years since the first died. There's a constant buzzing sound in my right ear that has me worried.

my wife : She's about 4'10.

Her warmth and closeness stimulates my arousal. She has a small tight body. I make love to her frequently, and dream of her in more shameful situations. I never dared to explore her fully, I always felt at peace cumming inside her vagina, or to her lips when I'm too exhausted to move.

The last I'll see of her, is in our marriage bed, I could still feel where our juices pooled together. Her sleeping moans seem to indicate arousal.

As the main protagonist
myself: I am 22 years old. Taller than average at 5' 10. I never graduated from highschool. I like to exercise. Women are a delicacy I can't resist. I work as a stockboy at my home town, but I'm on vacation.

I want to comfort my aunt and give myself to her. After hearing about the tragic disappearance of my uncle, she's the only one I think of.

my aunt: She's a short, feisty little love monkey my uncle claimed as his own. I visit once in a while just to get a view of her fragile and elegant figure. Her curvy hips curve outward slightly and end in a bubble booty, at the right angle, and with the right lighting, I've seen every crevice of her butt through her more form fitting pants.
(in the green story she'd be altered by the green-power totem, giving her a fragile look)

the maids (harem): Many servants work for my uncle. The lucky bastard doesn't know what to do with them. As for me, I've ventured a few blowjobs and groped many of the willing servants for years, they think of me as their second master. Well, I suppose now I could be. I could describe some now...


MY DESCRIPTIONS BY CHARACTER

Uncle, Fredrick: 5'8, 51 y.o. Frail skinny - shaggy gray hair. Short graying beard, gray moustache, thin brown dyed hair. Pain in hip when he stands up.
The uncle, Fredrick, is a gentleman. He thinks about his wife too much and will imagine his wife is with him if he becomes aroused. Somehow all his actions, in his mind, are significant because they define his relationship. 
He used to be an archaeologist by trade. There are numerous resources and friends he's made in his line of work. He's an entrepreneur and a collector of thoughts, things, and admiration from people he knows. The book of internal dankness would not be the only artifact he keeps for study. He wasn't formidable as a youngster but he's really matured and strengthened through the help of others. He wants to understand why a book so foul was created. By reading the chapters out of order, he could decipher its purpose.
He always wants to appear to be doing right. So frequently he'll avoid harming others.
After marrying Bethany, Fred's unable to take risks, and due to this he'll never unravel the mystery of the book.
misc:

Aunt, Bethany: 4'9, 33 y.o. Slim yet curvy, toned body, supple butt, C-cup. Very warm body temp. Arousal around men. Smiles foolishly when she's confused.
Bethany is lewd and loose, but rarely honest. She prefers to rest alone for long bouts of time. Her temperament is quick intense and focused, making her a wonderful housewife.

Protagonist, Shay (meaning gift): 22 y.o. 5'10 in. Fit, muscular, slim, white male. Has spontaneous erections when he relaxes for long, sitting or sleeping. It's something he enjoys.
The protagonist is a pervert and a letch. He'll take risks to increase his pleasure. So in a way he'll be an extension of the artist.

The maids (anthropomorphs): describe outfits - bunny, traditional, cat, other cosplay.
	different ethnicities - spanish french african puerto rican chilean cambodian bulgarian, traits from anime
	(look up their proper eye colors etc)
	
	EG.
	Cindy is a voluptuous girl, with a nearly full figure and D cup. Her maid costume is a mock up for a butler uniform. Her pants are full-length. She wears a single top that has the appearance of two layers. She wears a tie. The back of the uniform opens up revealing her shoulders and backside all the way down almost revealing her butt crack. There the uniform neatly reconnects to make two pointy tails. Her fox-like tail sticks out between the two points and blossoms into an oily black shining waft.
	
	(there's only one anthro in the pink version, the rat who becomes the elder uncle's second wife)
	
The harem have bonds among one another and other people. Only rarely should they be flat and boring. Sometimes they don't know people, and will need to have personal reactions to the unknown.

The 'assassin' monk, Cicada is 5'3 she wears heels adding several inches. Her long hair is tucked in a bun and covered by a hat usually. She has the power of vocal suggestion and she delivers it in a bardic fashion. Her physical attributes are better than the average lust corrupt.
Cicada performs the duties which may be suited for very powerful entities. She has a very dry attitude, but unrelentingly toys with those she's about to mate, it is the way of her god.
Cicada resides in our modern time in an underground ruin, worshipping e'h'kr (yakre) devoutly. She was assigned as envoy to deliver a message to the family Royale.

Police: men and women in uniforms. A small faction of the investigative force are corrupt and have modified the uniforms to exaggerate their physique.
	EG.
	The young male officer carried a flashlight. But just next to the flashlight was a large protruding bump along his thigh. The dainty woman could tell he was sporting a 10 inch cock and it made her shiver in exquisite delight he's taken an interest in her.
For the most part, police can be 2-d but behave different until they leave. They react as trained. The faction are similar, and seek their pleasure.


The great demonic goddess of lust, yakre ~ e'h'kr. Appearance may vary. A winged angel, fully humanoid body with extra tentacle limbs, a very long tongue, a thin and pliable frame.

The god (m) of blood, Zeth 'ze-he-kruk' pok. A hard exterior, a soft pulsing cock.

the goddess of bondage and sensuality, Illmuire. Appearance may vary. She has large perky nips, a voluptuous body. The features on her face are light and her mouth is sewn shut.

The bukkake god (m), Jistcom Eningya 'Enigma!' is a giant ogre-ox with horns and rippling muscles, he oozes insidious intoxicating cum through every fibre of his being. Tentacles protrude out his body (usually his back), and he has one large pleasure demanding phalus.

