It Began With a Question "Am I under arrest?"
[u][size=115]Prologue[/size][/u]

There was a time of stimulation, fornication, and domination. Vast quantities of ejaculate fluid flowed through the Earth. 

There is a place that exists beyond our mise. One of desire, lust, and virility. This is a dank, shadowy world. In it are manifestations of magical beauty, visceral brutes, and devilish misfits endlessly fornicating to the bitter end.

This is the start of an adventure for a budding hero.

He'll be brought to his limits impassioned by pride and lust and vanity. He'll struggle to return to the righteous, to live his life as he was taught, and not to stray from what is good. The trials that come will challenge his will, they'll bring him such greed he'll question morality. For in truth, he is not a hero yet.

The world does not distinguish light from dark, or Good from Evil. To be a hero, one must lack inhibition and fuck as if their life depends on it. Or else...

The chosen one will lose inhibition or perish. 

He has arrived.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]Intro, part 1, Interrogate[/size][/u]

A man with boyish charm and a very fit body arrived at a Rhode Island mansion. He is to inherit the estate from his estranged aunt and uncle.

Police cruisers are parked outside the mansion. He thought he'd join a housewarming party. "This looks serious," he says to himself.

There's nobody at the front door to greet him. Unprofessional, he thinks. He enters.

Inside the mansion. A policewoman immediately takes his arm. There are other women there, but he's hustled too quickly to see them well.

The officer tells him, "Come with me. You're wanted for the disappearance of—"

"I don't understand," he interrupts. "Am I under arrest? What disappearance?"

"Listen! Sir... Shit." She pushes a radio button and begins her chatter, "I'm at the front entrance. Young male suspect. We're going to the library for holding until further questioning. Repeat. Two missing persons. One male suspect. Front entrance."

He thinks, two missing. The two people missing could be his aunt and uncle. "There's a mistake. I just got here to see my uncle. How's this happening?" he asks.

He's brought to the library. There are attractive maids and steely-eyed policewomen lounging around. The one who brought him lets go. He looks at her broad shoulders and her fine, tight physique. She's fit.

There are maids, currently performing the duties of a waitress wearing the household bunnysuit and some other designs. It's like the police are lounging around without a care. He doesn't see anyone really doing anything but relaxing.

He wonders if this is normal, it's like there hasn't been an investigation. What missing persons? What are they doing here?

Someone offers him a beverage. She says, "Here. Drink." A maid wearing a bunnygirl uniform, the preferred tradition of his family.

He drinks, then he asks, "What is this?"

"Liquor," the server declares.

He sits in a chair.

The skimpy outfits get more degrading as he scans the room. He spots a woman in a state of undress out of the corner of his eyes, but when he turns his head it's actually a skin-colored suit. He can't help it, he expects to start seeing naked women. They were exotic. Intoxicating. There's something enchanting about the atmosphere. How many of them were police? Aren't there too many revealing nearly-nude photo parts of their body?

Holy smoke! he sees it now. Something clicks in him. The police aren't dressed right either. They wear hats and badges but their bellies are showing. Their tits aren't as big as the maids', but they're in good shape with strong legs. They're wearing skirts, very short skirts, that could ride up on them showing her panties at any moment. Looking down, a few women wear garters, a few women wear empty holsters in view. A few of them are in underwear, with badges clipped to their panties, and...

One officer has handcuffs out. There's a bunnygirl conversing with her. There's some suggestive hand movement like they're talking seriously.

His head is foggy.

Various women, two at a time, share his lap and fawn over him. A third might walk past touching his knees. Their delectable looks and eyes melt his heart. Wearing the cute cosplay, he thinks this could be a party like he expected. Housewarming.

"Can anyone tell me about what happened?" he asks. Nobody gave a him straight answer. He thinks he's getting tired.

One incredibly cute lap bunny with dewy lips says a line he'll never forget, "Can you feel that? He has something hard. Do you have a dangerous weapon hidden?" She smiles with her teeth. It's an obvious joke. Her hand is right on his dick. The joke's too sexy. She's going too far. He wants to say, 'No. I have an erection for you, though.' But she's too damn cute! He smiles at her. He's about to shoot off in his pants with her fingers curling up along his shaft. Maybe this is the start of something beautiful with a cute maid.

A police officer announces, "Suspect may have a concealed item."

"What?!" the newcomer blurts out. The girl takes her hand off him. If he kissed her now, would it be assault? He would like to kiss her.

The police talks on the radio, "We have reason to believe that the young male suspect, identity unconfirmed, has a foreign object in his pants."

The radio blares back, "Co-hoo-hood mmm-rr."

What the hell are these women saying? Aren't they strippers?

"He's getting agitated. He could be drunk. Ma'am, did he touch you anywhere?" The bunnygirl shakes her head. She's upset. What if he kissed her now?

She says, "It was—"

"Ma'am, I'm going to ask you to get up and move away from the suspect. Sir, I'm watching you."

They help her off and she looks like she's ready to curl into a ball and cry.

He's surrounded by the policewomen. His arms are held behind his back and handcuffed. His pants are stripped. They touch his ass. Everyone in the library keeps glancing over now. 'A splendid thing to behold! The only sausage in the house!' could be what they're thinking he has to guess. Enjoy the view ladies.

A young officer with small breasts, visible belly, and wearing her hat gets down on all fours and starts tasting his weapon from the base of the shaft. "Fuck!" he says. "You didn't give me a warning. You're not really police. Ho-holy wow. Uh. You're really going to let me use you like that? I'll cum. I'll cum any moment. This is... oh... so good. What are you doing this for? Who's paying? You're strippers, right? Holy shit. Oh god. Oh." He starts breathing out in high-pitched moans. It tickles. It's really ticklish and she's going around his ballsack.

He thinks the library needs a sign on the door: "Beware of cock-hungry bitches."

She doesn't believe it, she says, "So soon? Nobody's that premature. It just got big." She's occasionally pursing her lips and teasing the tip as if she was intent on blowing him, but she's taking her time. "You didn't even have your pants on when you got a boner." She saw him get stiff. She's talking into his nutsack and then letting a smirk flare out while resuming licking the shaft.

What does he say? "You give really good lipservice... officer," that. Really, her kisses on his sensitive glans are the only part that's registering after he became erect.

"Smooth operator suddenly. Weren't you going to cum a moment ago? Shoot your load on my face." She takes off her top. She's all skin below it.

His dick's barely wet swinging in the wind. The people are still watching. And now there's a genuine possibility that she wanted him to cum. It was not just an elaborate striptease. These were prostitutes.

He can't believe it. "Is this real?" he asks. He doesn't think so, This can't be.

She's trying to take off her skirt while sucking him off. She stands up and wiggles out of it. "Are we going to have sex?" he asks. This is already quite a welcome show of force from the police. They move him to a couch where he sits.

There's someone behind him while he's seated. "Do a cavity search," a woman says. He's not ok with the sound of that.

Gloved fingers are pressed up his ass. His erection is rock solid already, now it's blooming out a purple swollen tip, painfully good. He's uncomfortable about this new development. He grimaces as gloved fingers keep prodding. He could blow any moment. The cavity search stops.

He's seated and they must be doing some cleaning. The lip service continues with an almost completely nude woman.

"Thank fuck," he says.

Her hat's still on. No matter how well the sexy tiny officer does her work he won't give. The touch of her lips is a relief for his swollen glans. Her face looks so affectionate. "Enjoy every last kiss. Can you feel this?" she asks. Her lips gently press on his fat swollen tip. Her tongue darts out to taste. "You haven't cum? Are you having trouble relaxing? Are you thinking about doing something to me? Just say it."

Now that his dick is too hard, the pleasure has lessened. He's probably not going to be stimulated properly unless they start jerking him off or do even better. It's just a fact of nature.

A bunnygirl waitress who was serving drinks is bumped by an officer. It happened suddenly. She's helped inside the circle. "This one. She's suspect," an unseen officer says with a disdainful voice. "Suspicious conduct. What was she doing when he came to the mansion? Question her."

By accidentally becoming involved, the waitress's face flushes, clearly embarrassed. The girl shakes her head.

She gets pushed to a table. She's on her hands. Another officer performs a search on her. She feels her suit, then her stockings, then she pats her bottom. She takes a love glove and lubricates it.

No way they're going to do a cavity search on that cute girl? He's watching. He's getting felt. He can barely think about what's happening.

The search continues, the officer feels the small butt of the maid and slips her finger in her anus. Her fingers go down to the knuckle. She takes it out and removes the glove.

She feels the thighs of the bunnygirl. Then she kneels behind the girl who's slightly bent over the table. She does a search with her tongue. She leans forward and pushes her tongue into the girl's ass deeper.

Her hands come up and feel her suspect's vagina. She sticks her fingers in and generously rubs it while she's licking her ass.

The bunnygirl bounces wildly in her cute bunny outfit from the pleasure of such vigorous sexual molestation. The bunnygirl falls forward to her elbows. Evidently unable to keep it together.

The whole time, a guy's watching her while receiving a blowjob, and she's watching him.

He wants to say something but nothing comes to mind.

She wants to tell him she's ok, but...

The crowd shifts. The lip service ends. The stud and bunnygirl, the suspects are pushed together. Their bodies are moved around. Their privates connect, finally. He was eager to have sex with her. It was obvious to him. They were meant to be together.

He feels the tight ring of young pink flesh surrounding the tip of his penis. It slips around sucking at the full head and down eliciting a shocking feeling of unexpected intensity. He can't cope with the feeling until it ends. He's left with a feeling he was cut along the length of his shaft. He has to rationalize, He likes it. She must have felt that too. He's just not experienced enough yet.

They were helped together. Neither can deny that.

They stare at each other intensely. The maid he's paired with is so cute. She's wearing the whole outfit and makeup. "I'm not going to be able to stop myself," he says. When they move, it becomes far more intense than the lips kissing his cock head. He freezes. He knows he should be helping. It's suddenly impossible to move. Maybe he already finished, inside her. He feels her tight flesh constrict around him repeatedly.

She's happy. She's the first maid to receive him so intimately. He could be her master one day. His dick is stretching out her pussy. He's staring. Her naked skin around the shoulder has his attention.

She nods, "I feel the same. Please enjoy my body." Her mind goes to having children and boys she crushed on and her inner world of possibilities that she felt strongly about. He can be the next big thing inside her.

They both eagerly want to feel the release of climax, she knows that. The exhibition is beyond either's threshold. There's little time to enjoy it. The girl goes flush, she feels like her chest will burst, her own perverse body outpacing the man she was paired with. She breathes faster and has a cute orgasm.

She is taken out of the circle, dazed and confused with the feeling of a man still inside her.

She looks back. Will he be angry? She came without him.

Policewomen take their turns mounting the pronounced cock. They're still 'checking his weapon' in their own special ways. They say stuff like, "it's nice and stiff" or "he could have emptied before he got here."

Then one suggests, "Your lip service earlier was impressive work as usual. How about you take over again?" The naked woman with such a great record of lip service is granted a turn riding him.

This woman who played with his dick earlier is prepared to continue pleasuring. She mounts him.

He's reciprocating her loving gaze. Thanks to her intense coital embrace he only has a few seconds of recognition that something is starting, a wave of helpless reciprocation and release, and it wasn't going to stop. I'm cum... he thinks.

She lets out a sigh, then a high-pitched cry, "He! His dick's hot. You came! You came inside me?! Oh! Oh, you're stretching me out even more. Ooohoho-ii." She was unprepared.

She'll receive his load of wet ejaculate entering her. He'll enjoy cumming every second. His groin flexes and relaxes over and over pushing out the stuff. He had a long flight over. There was pent-up stress exiting him straight into her. This is a really, really, awesome feeling.

The girl is like a cake he's eating after being starved. Her insides are being coated by hot frosting one pump after the next as he takes ball-aching bites out.

"Stop cumming. I can't take it. Your fat head is stuck! Aaaaahh!" she yells.

She can do nothing except remain till the end. After the contractions of his pelvic floor slow down, the tip of his dick shrinks. Her tears have already come out. Her wet mound at her crotch is frothing. There are some quiet whistles when his excess cum escapes her. She's able to dismount him now. She bends over slightly.

He sees it. He sees her butthole. Wow. Great pussy. What an amazing woman. He's tired.

She stretches herself open and his cum exits her vagina right there. She's crying.

He feels like he's in love. He'll tell her, "I really enjoyed it. Really. I came so much. It's because you're so beautiful. Come back and we can do it again anytime." She wipes her tears and nods once. He has his cum and the girlcum of a half-dozen women dripping down him. And she's got his.

He has a moment alone, so he asks, "Are we done? I could use some rest."

The police aren't giving up yet. They say, "Interrogate the young man. There were waitresses who contacted him. Any one of them could be concealing. Aiding and abetting."

The women who took his lap earlier are brought behind the circle.

He's able to tell the cops are fingering the women. That's no cavity search. They are fingering the women to the point they're almost about to cum for, whatever reason. If the previous experience meant anything, he has ideas.

"We have to question them together," they say.

A girl is held with her arms behind her, handcuffed. That settles it. By 'together,' they meant, 'this lucky guy is going to have coitus and give his feelings-cum for every last one of the girls who held him earlier.'

They begin a filibuster sort of interrogation behind the circle.

"What'd you do with him earlier? When did you last see him? Did he give you anything? What did he tell you? Aiding and abetting is a serious offense. Turn around, I'm going to do a cavity search. What is this?" Frequently followed by tearing cloth sounds. "You want to go for two?" And spanking.

Crying and bantering, his mind works through it. Who the hell cares what the police are saying at this point? They're simply molesting the maids. Radios are going off. The bunnies are prodded on their bottoms ruthlessly.

The way he sees them hold a Billy club so close to penetration when the verbal intimidation failed is making his cock rise. They touch the girls with them. But they wouldn't... Put them in... Would they? As his cock engorges fully his thoughts slow and grow hazy.

The maids' happy thoughts are private. They're put in handcuffs and crying. They're tied up. They want to have sex with the master of the house. Is that wrong? The new master would be a wonderful feeling. They are servants for men, pleasure for a man's eye, not mere toys.

To the policewomen, they were toys. Until it was their turn they were allowed to endure the prodding and titillate the eye of their desired master.

The stud in his seat wants to take control and grope some girls, too. This is some charade after all. This whole time, his arms are to remain behind his back handcuffed and that officer twisting his arm is ow... "You bitch," oops, he let that slip. The officer 'Bitch' pushes him forward and injects him. 

What the fuck. Now his erection is really intense. His erection never stops now. "What the fuck?! Get back here you bitch! Whaat the fuuck waas thaat? What the fuck. Haaah!" he raves.

He sees a dark blue shirt. She has ribbons, her badge is fancier. Her shirt's unbuttoned enough that he sees her center cleavage. She grabs his arms and helps him back into a seated posture, his mound and cock at the ready to be sat upon.

"Commander," someone's referring to the one behind him.

"I have him. You won't fight me will you?" says Commander Bitch.

A beautiful shaven pussy takes him in. He feels like he'll dispense cum on squeeze. His lower half is letting it all go. This is a new sensation for him. "Oh... Ohhh... That's good. Will you have my baby? You're pregnant. This is how babies get made," he says that but... It doesn't matter. The orgasm starts and it feels wrong. It feels really... "This is better than anything. I didn't think it could get any better. Oh damn..." She pulls away while he's cumming and his load coats such a fine lady and trails away.

She bends over rather than getting up to let him keep cumming all over her. The stream pools onto her wet mound and slips off her sides as she sensually swerves her beautiful pussy. Her ass is a clean-shaven spot, unused until he adds a fresh coat of batter. A final glob of hot thick white pours onto her exposed genitals.

The one who lets him do all that to her is a maid. She pulls up her panties and steps away.

"My balls," he complains. "Oh. That hurt my balls. I have to stop."

Another officer ready to take a crack at his erection unbuttons her top. "Does it hurt?" she asks.

He feels it's still cumming. He tells her, "I want to feel those tits anyways. Do it."

In response to his professed desire, her boobs are slipped around his burning horny dick. Her hand feels his testicles. She massages him with her stuff rubbing his dick gently to climax. When he cums, it spreads over her neck, under her chin. "Wow so much," she admires how much is on her tits. "Are you... is he going to be able to keep going? Wow."

A short bunnygirl is brought over. She's helped into his lap. She's adorable! He tells her, "You look like a real toy. Is it ok for me to fuck with a girl so cute? When did we meet earlier?"

They try connecting. His dick is so big on her. Eventually, they fit and gradually work it together. "Yes. That's so good," he says. "Do you want to be my toy bunny? Are you my little slutty bunny?" She smiles and nods. He makes cute little faces. Forget the fact they're all adults. She's a dynamite bunnygirl. Really small.

She picks her weight off him. Suddenly hysterical. "I can't take it!" she cries. His cum squirts over her privates. Someone's hand is there to push him back in.

They reconnect. As they continue screwing she gets very excited. "Eii!" she squeals at the feeling of it. Each thrust is making her head rock. Her pussy's too sensitive to even reach orgasm before she gets up again shaking. He wishes it wouldn't end.

"No. Don't go," he begs. "You're amazingly cute."

The scenario takes a sharp turn from exquisite to absolute sultry pornography. They start doubling up, he's being serviced by two or three women at once. "Ooh, that's good," he encourages. "That's really good." They do this multiple times. Women in uniform. Maids. Naked girls that could be either. They give him a good view of his hard dick coming out of their mouth while looking him straight in the eyes. "Are you going to look that way at me when I cum?" Their faces are drenched by his cum. They let it, they have to shut their eyes, but he gloats anyways, "I didn't think so. Hah. Ha!"

Sometimes they argue. This time they say to him, "You like that? Watch what we do next." After molesting a bunnygirl, two police bring her, and an officer joins her to service him. They place their faces together, with his cock between them. They kiss, just barely touching. "Are you going to laugh now?" He shakes his head. They insert the tip of his penis between them while kissing. "How about now?" The line between police and servants is blurring.

The thought is so terrible, he says it thinking of those women, "If my hands were free I'd push it down further you cocksucking whores I want to feel the back of your throat." The girl in front of him now is so pretty. The dewy lips. That cute lap sitter. "It's... you!" The girl who started this trouble. She bats her eyes and tries to hide her face. "Don't give me that look, cake face."

She keeps pumping his shaft until the stream of cum covers one side of her face. An officer helps, she tells the maid, "Bitch, don't dodge it. You heard him. Gobble it down." She pushes her face down in his crotch before the load finishes. "There right? Back of her throat. Did you cum? Can you feel it in there? This is the weapon. Taste it." His cum fills the maid's throat. She gets her fill while he takes a bite of his own. When her head is let back up it continues. It covers her face thoroughly and a gout of cum rolls out onto her pretty lips like frosting.

The cop he personally called Bitch gets a turn. "Fuck you! Bitch! Biiitch! No you don't," he tells her.

"Hahaha. The suspect is belligerent. Is it time for another injection?"

He tries yelling over her, "Says officer Bitch! I'll fuck you up. I'll inject you with fucking cock. Asshole. Show me your asshole I'll fuck your ass."

"Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Hold still," she tells him. She's looking pretty happy he's mad. She's more careful with her preparation this time.

Bitch injects him again. She laughs like a crazy bitch would then gets up from the couch. Someone else gets behind and uncuffs him while she stands at ready.

His cock stands ready. He feels like he could take her and any other woman there. A quick tussle and he outweighs her. He holds her face down on the floor. He insults her, "Where's your training? Where are your handcuffs?" She's dressed but her panties are revealed under her skirt. She has her ass propped up for some "wild doggy style. Just like a bitch in heat. You better have birth control because I'm cumming inside... fuck." He finishes his thought out loud. This whole time, how many girls did he...

Bitch responds, "Yeah? You're all talk. Hear that? He'll cum inside. He admits it."

An officer helps clarify, "Confession."

A maid agrees, "You really love her. I mean. Hate her."

He sticks it in. He's never... What the hell are these women saying? He keeps pounding officer cunt. His fingers go wherever they catch from her armpits to her chest. Her breasts feel smaller than others. Soft. He rips open her shirt. The abuse makes her wet, she planned this much, until he cums.

"Like he said. He came inside," someone, a maid? says. Are the maids getting off on watching this?

He gets in front and puts it in her mouth. "I'll cum inside here too," he announces. He proceeds to finish using her in many ways. Cumming in her mouth, over her face. Ripping her clothes off a little at a time until she's full-frontal naked with nothing but a tie and hat. He gets her on the couch riding him. Cumming in her pussy, cumming in her pussy while fingering her anus, cumming in her pussy fondling and screwing her ass with his fingers. "YYYyyoooouu..." He gets her in an elbow lock behind her back. He bends her face down on the couch while standing like he saw they did to the first bunnygirl. "If you were handcuffed now, I'd fuck you in the ass!"

He lets go to find handcuffs. She kneels and rolls to her side.

The exhausted woman can't catch her breath. She's very satisfied. He sees her trying to get away and fixates his gaze on her tits. Pinch her. His hands come up around them. "I'm thinking about biting these, let me pinch those knobs," he says that, touches his teeth to her nipple, then gives up. It's not his thing.

They are on the floor together. He lies down on her front. He can't get his dick back in her soon enough.

The man gets down on a pillow-like surface and fails to penetrate... someone. Sleeping, or sex? His mind can't figure out what he's doing. There is a pile of worn-out women there on the couch and the library floor, that much he's aware of.

One bearing his leg's weight tries nudging him off. He grabs her and gets on top of her, biting her tits. Her breasts are semi-covered. That right there, he'll tear it off her. He goes for her neck instead and his fingers pull down her top.

She's the cute bunny girl, like a toy he lost, she found her way back in his arms. But he's not seeing her. He'll tell that officer, "You're a bitch. I'll fuck your ass." She's unable to fight like the other woman. Missionary, his penetrating cock sends shockwaves once more like their last intercourse. He's going even harder, grunting and squeezing it in.

Never having been abused so much this sensation makes her a total squeezebox of noises. She turns over. He spanks her. His fingers dig into her anal while he fucks. With her clothes pulled off her generous swell of tits flap against the floor.

He falls asleep while still mounted inside her. His slimy internal cumshots continue as her uterus fights a battle it can't win. The swelling tip of his cock stretches her, her cervix gives up as does the rest of her, and her womb fills and expands. She screams prematurely from the orgasm she felt crashing through her body.

The cute girl he's on top of, her heart's racing. She's on the verge of pissing herself from fear, adrenaline, and anger. Her sweat covers her body.

She struggles to get away. He grabs her shoulders and squeezes her down around his hard cock. The tip swells in her. He's so deep. Is he going to cum again? she has to wonder. He squeezes her tits with his hands. She finally reaches another orgasm changing her mood from terror to ecstasy.

His weight prevents her from declaring her love or making a sound. Only her pussy and overflowing tears show.

She's being watched. Someone helps pull her away.

The cum inside her spills out. She can't talk. Her bunny outfit is all ripped. She can't walk straight. Her ass is red from punishment. The punishment his hand-delivered. She's can't help trying to look back at him. He'll be the master one day. His generous actions helped her become closer to a man than ever before. Close to him. And she'll definitely be happy to let him do this as much as he wants.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]Intro, part 2, Bukkake Nightmare[/size][/u]

This is a new place. Not one of earth and air, it is one of spirit, one of body, and one of mind.

In our short time on Earth, humanity's inhibited desires have manifested the wildest fantasies. They take on a life of their own beyond reality.

Here, the fantasy has no limits, no morality, no quandary or belittlement to be trifled with. The sole purpose of their manifesting is to express the baser need our earthly inhibition has betrayed.

Those who've crossed over to this realm must endure rapturous dissent into dankness.

In this realm, the light from the alien sky above suggests the shapes of hills and valleys, the ground is soft wet soil. There are echoes of squelches and bestial cries everywhere. Throngs of demons with phallic tendrils and hideous features take innocent females.

Along the surface webs are honeycombed, soft trails of undergrowth and moss are spread out, and grooves have been dug out as if by tools. Those are the leavings of ancient guardians long past. Now, dick demons, phallic beasts, tentacle monsters, and a vicious host of other insidious creatures spill seed or copulate freely within the domain of the indomitable. It is an endless orgy.

A monstrous thing with intentions has a woman. She wails, "Help!" His tongue jabs into her mouth choking her. His thing dances along her tongue. If she had a moment to be aroused it was too late. He pulls out with her drooling, already smitten in lust. She's let down low enough to see his many cocks. He shoots cum onto her face and chest. He rips off her clothes. The ferocity of his passion winds her.

Her naked body is renewing his excitement. He has all he needs right here. He flips her over and stuffs her cunt with his cock-shaped tongue licking her asshole as he finishes. He goes back into her again. With his many phalli rubbing against her, her face is a contortion of emotion, her makeup runs hideously staining her beauty as she's encouraged to climax in every position. Not an inch of her is left untainted. His cum covers all. He'll enjoy her body for as long as she remains here. So is the destiny of his and hers, the repressed are ever-fated to dwell in dankness.

There is a man amidst the monsters. He looks down to see a massive cum oozing cock. In his excitement watching that girl, with that thing, did he do that?

Girls swarm over him like a parade. When they touch him, bile on his flesh seeps into them and they scream ecstatically. They scream orgasmically. For he, too, has become a dire, corrupt demon. In this place, the women are corrupt, and the men merely take the necessary form to service them. Sometimes.

Some of the women take their clothes off to show him impossibly attractive bodies. The women have firm tits. Their nipples are erect. Their mouths move forming "r... a... p.u.s.s. p.l.e.a.c.e" their tongues stick out too far, they bare their necks, and shoulders. Their body language is telling. They want to see him erect, they want him to act upon them, not to give himself over, they beg. They beg with one word, and the word's not of love.

They scream in lust with their demands for defilement, "We need you to stay here with us. Please."

His tentacles ooze. He's suddenly all too aware of this. He covers the faces and bodies of these girls rubbing against him with his dispensed fluid.

There are other demons like him. Some are drooling so much it looks like pudding coating the women who've offered themselves. Demons fill girls with this mystery porridge and put it inside them with their mouths closing around their bodies. Their cocks and tentacles are being played with by the women surrounding them. This is normal to them.

It's not normal, to him. He's never done this.

His body parts move without willing them. They happily expose the female bodies. His moving limbs unbutton suits. Clothes get pulled tighter before they tear. Loose clothes let him in feeling the flesh underneath.

Their soft tits move aside. His tentacles wrap around within their bras. Their breasts are squeezed tightly. Their nipples are plucked and sucked at, they're irresistible.

Panties are twisted and pulled aside. Bathing suits are licked all over. Their gowns and dresses are being lifted revealing it all. They like it, they want it in them.

They tearfully plead to be released from torment, they don't want him to love them, they beg him to, "Rape us."

The demons put their dicks in, each girl utters a sound of rapture. This treatment. They. Their eyes roll back. The women are so horny.

The women make a lot of noise, a lot more than needed. Demon dicks like noise, those without eyes. They abuse the girls more to hear it.

There are tendrils of different kinds, some excite the right mate more. The women persuade them to enter anally, their asses are gently stretched until full. A girl's mouth is acceptable as any other orifice, for some. After cumming generously, one exits. Another might stay. A woman catching her breath afterward is the nature of such satisfying sex.

The juices flow, squirting, and their clothes get dirty and slimy from their own bodies sweating. Girls are pressed together, under duress they'll even pleasure each other. The acts of insemination continue. Their breasts are squeezed, and their nipples are plucked and stretched and sucked at. And no matter where they look they see it happen to another woman.

It happened, time and time again. And it happens, again.

There is a lone man of boyish charm. He traveled so far to get to the mansion. He wished only to meet his aunt and uncle. Now he's here.

He sees his cock is abnormal, rightfully, it is protruding so far he can't hide it. It's ribbed. His balls are wet reflecting the strange light. Shifting his legs he hears them squelch and slosh, he feels them chilling against his legs.

A girl creeps up behind and kisses him. Their mouths connect before he does anything. She goes "Mmmh." Her eyes look surprised.

She falls back.

He can clearly see it sticking out when they part. It's very long. The end of his tongue is like a doorknob. He's no longer silver-tongued. But a phallus has appeared out of his mouth radiating the pleasure as a regular nether would. How great it felt for even a brief kiss.

He tries to help her up. Refusing to let him, she pulls him down to her. His dick drills straight into her cunt. He wasn't trying.

She has a very fine, tight hole. He can feel every twist of her insides. He can see what he's doing to her on her face. It doesn't last more than a moment before giving in. It became an irresistible pleasure. This girl is a beauty.

Her dress is parted in ways making her whole body visible without being naked. He sees her face when she tries to fight, for just a moment she thinks she'll overtake him before her. Then she gives into it.

He pulls out but then pushes back into her wet squirting entrance. He's making her squeal. She shudders enrapt. Her breasts flop up when her shoulders heave orgasmically.

Why's he doing this? This is ruining her. He's become like the rest of the demons he sees, looking around.

She looks at him. He tries to resist. His dick fills to the brim with climactic pressure and gushes the contents out. After defiling her, he came from a look. The contraction of his abs plunges him deeply in, thinking not to cover her dress in what he lets out. Her face turns totally erotic. "It's gooood!" she says. She spreads her arms out as if to stretch.

It is calm, relaxing, and quiet. There's only their breath between them.

He sucks at her generous chest after having sex with her. He can fit both nipples in at once. He's very big, suddenly. His tongue can wrap itself around one of her breasts tightly and give it a good tug. Her tit is freed from its loose bondage of cloth.

He gradually slides out from their connected spot. His dick is still hard. He hasn't completely extinguished his desire. And from her look on her face, neither has she.

He looks up. More girls are advancing. The one he finished in is delirious. She falls away from his grip as he lets go gently.

Many of the oncoming girls latch their mouths to his cock, slurping the white goop off. Others work his wet ballsack. Some cling to him, and the cum seeps straight through his flesh filling their mouths with spunk.

What does it mean? he wonders. His body moves on its own.

He bends forward and penetrates the girls with his tongue. Plays with their bodies one at a time as they offer their selves to him. He'll help them find whatever they're looking for.

He uses his fingers. He'll feel intimate with them, in a less sexual way. To his surprise, even that was enough to make them heighten to climax. He's never felt such excitement at the touch of a finger. His lower erection is engorged.

Those who were late bend over and tempt him with sensual flesh mounds, both front, and back. He thinks if there's nothing erotic about the valleys between their breasts, and the pucker of their anuses, then shoving his dick in each one would be foreplay at best. He needs to do more to please them.

Startled by something feeling him, he looks under and sees a more ambitious girl to mate with.

She's attempting to feel how his cock is against her. She's very fine, with wide hips, his dick not way too big a fit if she'll stretch a little.

He grabs her shoulders below him and pulls her, it goes straight in. He pushes her down on it. It's going in deep.

There's a feeling of her around his shaft. It's like a nice sensual massage helping him relax and stay hard.

She holds her stomach as if to stop it from growing. His dick tunnels into her and it makes her belly stick out. He releases her shoulders. She starts pumping herself over the shaft anyway.

It's so good I'll tell her, he thinks.

He wants to say something and notices the tongue won't form words. He lets out a bellowing roar sticking his tongue in and out repeatedly. His orgasm wrecks her, truly, her stomach expanded and her reaction, her whole body contracted. She falls away pulling him
 out.

Did he injure this mate? He'd be a failure, if, he's not sure why.

Another woman, unbelievably smitten, takes her place. She wants it so bad she'll take his womb-stretching orgasm.

The ones who were being helped by his tongue dick earlier look happy. "Do us more," they encourage. He's oozing cum out his mouth. He shouldn't have left them alone for an instant. He's never been with so many women simultaneously. Not even in a daydream.

He grips more of them with his hands. 

He presses his face into the woman there. She directs his tongue into her ass. Daring woman. He squirts several loads in her ass. His saliva coats her curves very enticingly.

He has the urge to mate with her, using this enormous girth. The surrounding throng of women urges him. "Do it to me," he hears. "F.u.l.l. f.i.l.l o.u.r.s. fill u.s."

He obliges.

His cock's already nestled into a voracious breeder below him. Their bellies fill. The stuff begins streaming out their mouths in huge globs.

Do they like this? he can't think. He can't think about it any longer. They're having trouble just handling what he's done to them so far. Who else will join with him?

He gives the women holding up their arms to hug him French kisses which fill their throats with his tongue, his thick saliva, and his cum. He thinks he's quite handsome to them. They find him attractive enough to dote on him so badly. These savory moments could be the best in his life. The girls keep asking for "more."

He's not able to hold back, his strength and orgasmic bile is intensifying in potency and quantity. He knocks out a few with inhuman orgasms. Sometimes from his hips thrusting. Sometimes from his cum driving them mad with lust.

He returns to the first girl, the one he drilled so lovingly. He remembers feeling for her.

She's awake and greets him. She treats his tongue like a lover she's desperate to repay in kindness, kissing it and sliding it down her cheek. It slips along her face and her nose.

To return the affection, he'll grant her a light kiss. His lips touch hers and his tongue darts out, a reflex, cum issues straight out his mouth, he deepthroats her, her esophagus is a wet pussy getting fucked by his hard shaft. She swallows repeatedly and it cums straight in her stomach.

While pulling out, he has mixed feelings. Now that he did that, could she suck his enormous cock? She grips his face with both hands sucking hard. Then separate.

"Here," she says. "You made me... so horny." She points at her pussy, definitely not mad at what he did earlier, or at any point in time, she bends over for him to urge him, tell him, "Do it again." In her pussy! While advancing on that woman for the third time his cum drips out his mouth and dick, covering her, he thrusts inside this girl's vag. She wants it so bad. She's completely covered by semen, viscous crud, his oozing smegma coats his and her body, and now his weight is digging her into a rut in the ground.

A second dick appears right now, the feeling, he knows, a sudden moment of clarity. He needs to use both. She'll absolutely adore his double penetration. It's a natural act of breeding. Everything will be perfect, he just need make the correct motion.

He drags it back seeing it unsheath next to her second entrance. It plants into her anus fully engorged. He can force them both in at once. He does it with nothing but the promise of pleasure. He can't talk, but he can make noises. She opens her mouth wide to orgasm.

Soundless, cum is dripping down her face and hair, and going into her mouth, her tits white with pasty viscous slime from the ground and his own deposited substances. He pulls out and both his dicks are completely covered by her girlcum as well. They're both still cumming.

Lively dick demons, floating dicks, tentacles, beasts, monsters, and men alike continue to coitally harvest the women around him. He is absolutely satisfied.	

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]Intro, part 3, Awakening[/size][/u]

He wakes up thinking of his aunt. She's a lovely lady of glamor and passion his uncle claimed as his own. He enjoys seeing her elegant, fit figure, every time. Her curvy hips, well-toned booty, and thighs with a gymnast's appeal. Her dirty mind.

A man who dreamed he was a demon wakes up and everyone's gone. He came here for his aunt, so he thought.

The police gave up? Then again, were they really police? Where are the bunny girls? Where did all the sexy, ostentatious, nymphomaniac females frivolously flee while he was sleeping? He didn't know.

He thinks, There's no answer here. I'm going to the library.

He was in the library already.

After scavenging the shelves, he finds a secret passage and an inner study. Sexually provocative statues and boudoir photos are everywhere. A strange glowing book on the desk is making moaning noises. It attracts him.

It's calling to him with sweet seductive tones and murmurs. His mind is filled with seductive thoughts before he opens it. He has a feeling, he says, "I've never wanted a book so badly." He reconsiders after hearing what that sounded like. "I'm going to read the book..."

He talks to the book, "What can you tell me?

"My missing relatives. The reason for such incredible experiences. There must be an answer. What purpose does it all have? What does it mean?"

Feeling a chub grow in this erotic chamber, he opens the book. It's just a book.

What was he expecting? Was this going to be anything more than that? It's just words written on pages of paper, lukewarm, glowing paper like a computer screen.

He thinks about it. It'll be a real let-down if this doesn't turn out to be a diary of an ideal woman, like his aunt. Imagine a black diary involving secret prostitution. It's like he'll find her contacts now, and maybe he can get in bed with her friends.

How fucking lucky would he be to get laid by so many girlfriends she's gathered over her life? That would be so sexy just reading about them. Their addresses and the kinks.

Ok, but what if it's just girlfriends. She must have slept around. She probably had her way with men and women alike, that damn hot freaky lady.

Ignoring his urge to relieve himself immediately, he reads.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=130]Chapter 1, Title: Dread Woman | Desert Amazons[/size][/u]

[u][size=115]C1, Scene 1: Battle Preparation[/size][/u]

There are tribes still existing today that were founded back before the modern calendar. They understood female potential. Their warriors garnished favor waging against nature in long treks. They have won time and again against flimsy domestic defenses. But, how exactly is this true?

From birth, the Amazonian women are trained. They grow up to become warriors. To empower the powerful, to enslave the populace all around, and venture forth, conquering the known world.

The Desert Amazons are one such tribe. With a tradition of bestial worship, their female kind are often referred to solely as vixens.

From the conception of an Amazon tribes child, both males and females tend to their own livelihood, initially. They take care of their bodies with oils, they wear linen. They train in the desert with sunlight blinding to the eye until it becomes second nature. They're also trained in arts if a master can take on an apprentice. They're tutored if they are somehow gifted. The rest share in knowledge at a public sanctuary for the young.

The vixens grow up with whispers of men, their prized pleasure organs, and how men get hard. What they dream of those men doing, how they should play with themselves to be prepared before allowing them in, where the men can put things.

The male pups spend more time training. They can grow hard, they can be teased. If they talk about the women, they can only jest and surmise. The young vixens are just as strong as the young boys. The adults already have their eyes on them as their coming of age grows near. How long will it be before one beds them?

Coming of age, the average Desert Amazon's skin is bronzed, nearly blackened from a decade of practice. They are fit, athletic, and with firm muscle. They're grown-ups. They're encouraged to venture away from sanctuary into adult troves of earthly delight.

Vixens easily spend their whole adult life in the nude unless they're indoors. There are some exceptions.

Once training ends, they are almost adults. They are ideal for any man or woman to enjoy looking at, ideal for a fight, and ideal for survival. They are an ideal breed for combat, for amusement, and for bedding. Now allowed to choose their own mate, the frail mask of ignorance is a burden. Those with secrets and arcane knowledge, those with carnal experience, claim higher ranks among peers.

They enjoy entertainment. The female warriors' ways to relieve themselves dull their senses, so they only take pleasure on occasion. To increase their focus they abstain for several weeks. Then they tease each other. They play scandalous ways to discover their inner power.

Female Amazons are even more aggressive when they begin challenging other females for dominance. They touch their rivals. They talk seductively. With proper treatment, a rival's body becomes receptive.

There are women of stature and beauty paramount none surpass. It's difficult to seduce one without a rebounding. They frequently become the most seduced ones. Small alliances are required to entice beauties such as these.

Amazonian upbringing demands receptive minds and bodies. The training and play is necessary as much as it is enjoyable. They will be molded in the battles ahead. At least, the women will.

The Amazonian men are too simple-minded. They're so easily seduced into bed. It was possible for a woman to bed a hundred men and finish her chores, leaving them useless.

There were outliers, men who wear linen like a little boy. They were miserly. Untrained. Rejects. They're frail potted plants with shallow roots. They're left alone in wartime, they're allowed to join for pleasure during festive times. With such encouragement, such men try to increase the festive times. They had agriculture, but their pie-in-the-sky notions didn't bring on the rain, it didn't fill the canals. So tradition never changed.

Going to war, there are girls in bikini armor, otherwise, they're naked. They shave if they go naked. Their damp labia are exposed. Some have pronounced clits. They're unbelievably horny.
 
They tend to each other while bathing, sponging, cleaning hair, and applying scented ointments and oils.

They apply war dressing after cleaning. They do it with makeup, water-and-plant-based paint, and then a layer of incredibly fine ground-up plant-seed jelly that coats them. Their bodies brilliantly shine wet like polished shields of pure and alloyed metal in various hues. They even reflect the glare of the sun in their favor should the enemy have their back to it.

The features they wish to hide are hidden in war dressing and sunlight. They look like glowing spirits outside of the shade. Untouchable. Something ephemeral and uncanny. But most important of all, they look astonishingly beautiful.

The Amazonian tribes that sprouted up around the globe had a keen advantage in the present age of survival. Population growth was one. 

The vixens have a unique preparation and fighting style for the entree of war. It's not a surprise there isn't a man in sight. They don't need to wear clothes, men do.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C1, Scene 2: Operations[/size][/u]

There is a dark-skinned warrior clad in a sexy woven outfit who greets another equally-tanned, well-armed warrior from behind.

The vixen already there is a commander wearing shining golden armor on her muscular body. Pads of shining gold-weave fabric similar to metal is worn in style across her. Her breasts are covered with a thin metal as well as her shoulders and hips where a pleated skirt drape down. There's a golden armor around her midsection with decorative abs chiseled into it.

Her physical assets are equally generous as her drapery. Her build is more muscular than most vixens. Her pleats swell out at her hip revealing the size of her butt. She has well-formed mounds that spread out behind her chest protection into the drapery.

She has increased visibility. Due to her lack of nudity and long dark hair it's very easy to see her in the desert sun.

She listens for the approaching warrior. The incoming woman's very quiet, her armament is barely audible, but the footfall telling of her presence is more deliberate. Light equipment requires her to be a messenger. She could be a spy or assassin, she considers.

The former explains her presence, "Oh divine one. I am to hear your wisdom. We need orders."

The latter is already tightly gripping her tool made for obedience. It will taste the flesh of this woman in a moment. She plays with it stroking the length with her thumb and forefinger circling around.

The first recognizes the signal to elaborate. She explains, "There are not enough men to go around. We're running lower each day due to exhaustion from the heat. Soldiers end up fucking the men to incapacitation, too soon, or death, sometimes accidents happen."

The commander gives her orders, "Our decision is firm. We will take the men from the next town. The troops are allowed to fuck every last portly man to death immediately. That should satiate their desires. Saving the fittest men for rations as usual. We can't go starving."

While speaking, the commander pulls out the 'cruel wand,' as her subordinates have named it, and rubs the smooth edge over the skin of whom she speaks.

The cunt of her informant is dripping from the mental games. She knows she's going to be used in mere moments, she's been groomed so. She must also remember the plan. She can only mouth her disapproval through pouty lips. 'Please don't do it.' She really wants to do what she's told.

The commander notes her reaction to the tool. She's either a very well-trained spy, or one of her properly trained charges.

The informant's bent over a rock out in the open to receive her commander.

The commander turns her wand around revealing a twisted cock end with a snaking leathery shaft. It is the approximate shape of male genitalia with an axial twist. She penetrates it in the black snatch of the informant. Drooling and jiggling her tits as she's on the edge of climax, she cries out, "Wonderful! Wonderful plan. Please please pleeease. Make me cum." Her pussy became reddened and sore from the punishment of leather. She finally screams as her body shakes during climax.

Finished off, she's on the ground resting as her commander placates her. "Job well done," she commends. Her mind will be clear for the journey ahead. She will deliver the message properly and on time.

The commander walks away. She has so many more mouths to feed before the day's end.

Her nipples get hard, a chill goes up her spine. "Come!" she shouts at her subordinates. "A foul wind blows." They eagerly follow her.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C1, Scene 3: Glory | Orgy[/size][/u]

The last rationed man falls in front of an army of muscular, ripped women. His limp cock and his life are drained all at once.

A fierce female warrior stands above him, the last vestige of the penetration fading fast as her uterus's elasticity returns back to shape. There was not nearly enough cum.

They could have easily won a fair fight, but they prefer this method. Their weapon of choice is below their belt.

She points toward a distant encampment, then she proclaims loudly, "We must strike immediately. Subdue any bitches and rape their men blind! Be they fat enough to breed swine, fuck them to death! Remember to spare the young and hot ones..."

She paused for too long staring at the gleaming alloy-cast of women who've trained for this moment their entire lives.

Finally, one of them dares speak back, "What? Hogging all the good ones again? Do the higher-ups need more warriors?"

The announcer smiles at this brave warrior and continues. She will remember her.

"I wasn't finished. Spare the young and hot ones... for last! You may give them all the water you wish."

A chorus of cheers followed.

Far from the besieged encampments, an Amazonian battalion has snuck through.

A really pathetic farming village awaits their pincer force. Women are huddled in their houses. Their men are out on defense, ready to fight.

Some of their elders sneer when a horde of seldom-dressed women show up before them under a canopy, makeshift umbrella, or ambiguous flag waved for attention.


"Whores of Babylon. We know what to do with yee's," but, they only murmur this.

Unlike the main force, the vixens weren't lathered up, or nearly as battle-ready, they were dressed to be provocative.

There's confusion about what they were supposed to do. Some suggested, "Scarring them and branding them as harlots."

But others refrained, "There are too many. They have horses. They outmaneuvered our kingdom's army.

"We'll pay the price in food and water. We'll be lucky if half the village doesn't starve."

The acting chief in command arrives at the center of the field they've formed around the town center to greet them. To negotiate. He has the most delightful look on his face as a bare-chested envoy already there greets him.

He's the War Chief. He understands this much, The envoy's breasts are augmented by the best jewelry that the invading tribe could fashion. She is completely bare-chested with a crest of fancy gold and jewels framing her bust. She looks fair-skinned, unlike the rest of her cohorts. She has a fine glaze of honeyed and milky oil coating her skin. The smell is intoxicating.

This is better than he could have imagined. If the rumors were true...

She speaks, "I offer you myself and everyone you choose. Come into our camp and we will pleasure you and lavish you with gifts beyond your wildest imagination."

After briefly introducing herself, the War Chief gets a taste of her, courtesy of her offering. Her lips and tongue taste like honey. Her tits too. Her jewels and decorations only add to the feel of her on his lips and tongue. He's tasting a sweet honey-coated woman. Her body is covered in the stuff mixed with oils and pleasant odors.

They get on his horse. His dick is hard, she feels it. She offers, "If it is your wish. You can take advantage of your position, right here. One so great shouldn't carry such a burden." He notices his dick is rubbing into her tailbone. He obliges and releases it.

She takes a very suggestive position to increase her ass-to-rod contact. He grinds his cock into her curvaceous body as they ride into the enemy ranks.

He stops it. The horse slows to a trot. Stopped. With blood in his cock, he honestly needed to finish the deed. But, with the gleaming naked women surrounding them his interest had reached new heights. There were some incredible figures of women in the platoon with coloration he admired.

He remembers her offer. He points out a couple of tall thin women with beautiful armor. He says, "If I can pick any, have them come. I'll put it in now ok?" His penis goes in her and the undulation of the horse's trot rocks them. She's mercifully pre-lubed.

He thinks about his own tribe's obsession, This must be like the stories. A bandit rapes a helpless woman as he rides off into the sunset before, ugh, forgive the thought. "Nuuhh," is the oath he gives to her. Forgive this. He'll have to ask many people for forgiveness after this.

"We have captured the city," the strong woman who finished their last ration in the nearby camp speaks. "Now, to the victors, go the spoils of war!"

Unlike the envoys, the encampment was prepared to fight. Their soft-bodied women, naked and lubed with dark oils enter unseen. Men are stripped by the vixen thievery on the streets and lured into soft beds, lofty haystacks, or some soft place unseen. They were ready to fight in many strange ways.

The acting chief in command of the fallen village is seduced by three beautiful women, two he chose on a whim, and one envoy sublimely armed to wage pacifism. Their courtship continued unfettered. And there's no doubt in his mind they will pay their part of the bargain in full and more.

The Amazon envoy is a supreme masochist. She allows herself to be completely bound and gagged. Her holes have a ground-up flavoring. Not just honey. Before the meeting, she was ready for anything. If he tasted her ass he'd enjoy the taste of jam and pie licking her deep down crevices.

In a well-defended cottage, the children are rounded up. The girls are inspected, and the strong ones are tattooed with thorns. The fat or thin ones are left to reclaim the village. Imperfect. The boys aren't inspected, they join the strong girls, unmarked. Indentured love slaves. They're allowed to grow strong with the women. However, after maturing they are only breeding material. It's almost guaranteed their fate is sealed.

The warriors wearing real heavy-duty armor disrobe before feasting on newly conquered flesh. Various warriors with provocative garb, very light armor, nude. Good to go. They all have their way with men that day.

Several of them enjoy one man at a time. To their lover's delight, they demonstrate what they've learned, what they've imagined he'll do. To their lover's horror, they go too far and he must break them up.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C1, Scene 4: Logistics[/size][/u]

Somewhere far from the peace and the village, the men are still ready for fighting. They hold their weapons, prepared to end a siege on their village.

They proudly beat the Amazons, no matter how submissive their partner.

The rough men bear knives and cut their hands so they won't pick up a blade. They call the women "barbarians." Even so, the helpless women are sodomized, they happily take whatever the men give them in return.

This is a gift. The women were always lubed. Their bottoms are not covered, they prefer oils, and they were very rough themselves. Having to lose was as painful as cracking an egg. This is the rear Amazon battalion, the voluntary victims.

They'd do anything for extra rations. The men were scarce, and here they received their famous delicates in such consummate ways.

Some girls are mistreated badly. They scream to ensure their appearance of helplessness remains intact. The men can mistake their broad grins and red faces for pain during intercourse. Some of the girls are painfully injured because the men are so heavy or their armor is not unfastened properly.

It is well known being mounted by a man of enormity crushes a woman's pelvis. Getting mounted by a beast crushes her chance at childbearing for several seasons. They were never expected to work again. They can volunteer for the rear battalion again another day, should they recover.

Somewhere far from the peace and the village, a group of cavalry has been given gifts of helpless naked women. The women who they were prepared to kill and maim during combat, and yes, rape, easily accept the brutal acts as foreplay. This was a surrender without a fight.

They dismount their horses and enjoy the senseless carnal pleasure with anonymous, well-bred, well-groomed women for hours.

The captured Amazons are brought back to town on horses, sweat-drenched and dazed.

Some men use the horse ride back for continued thrusts at their new slave's bottom. They really enjoy spinning tales of rapist bandits in their village. The titillation greatly enhanced the experience. Some of the less pleasing women are put in sacks and dragged in a sled.

To the men, it is clear who the victors of the battle are. They won.

Upon arriving in town, the cavalry finds out there's a truce of some kind. Men are bedding women all around town. They hear the rumors became reality in their absence.

Multiple female partners.

Astounding. Confounding. Their War Chief who's getting really good hummers on command by his three women of preference decreed they join the Amazons, of their own free will.

They release the captives. They untie and remove gags from the women and make amends. Notions of apology and repairs all around.

A few guys did very dirty things, but the Amazons are by far dirtier. To their dismay, the women explain 'enough.'

A conversation with a soldier sounds like this, "You like it... what I did? You forgive me?"

She explains it, "I like it In the ass. And, the thing you did to get me wet. Threatening me. And cutting my fingertips. And you hit my face with your open hand. I've never done that. Yeah, I love my face being abused. Then, when you finally gave me that. Yes. The beating afterward was kinky. If I could do it every day..."

"Hold on. I hogtied you, strapped you to my horse, and stretched your ass open while we rode back. And I think you're pregnant after what we did. That is something you like?"

"Yeah, I loved how you dug right into it. Train my body more to be yours. You could choke me more."

After their conversation ends, they get to business. The vixen offers him further compliment, "Whew. That was great. I hope when you wake up, you can tell me what you thought. If you wake up."

Not a man from the cavalry without peak physical form survives the following onslaught of ravenous sex. It's like they can't even move. The women are able to coax an erection out of them through much viler means from training until the men pass out. And after cumming they don't stop fucking until the blood drains out of their dick. With their pussy wrapped around the base of their cock, that takes a long long time.

They turn their gaze upon the cavalry's horses.

When asked about their station. "We're the rear battalion," they simply state.

The vixens lubed and oiled in gleaming naked armor take all kinds of men for sex. The Elderly, too.

"You have no choice. You will have sex with me. Enjoy every moment to your dying breath."

"I can't. A whore like you. H..." harlot, at the tip of his tongue. He considered his chances of surviving in a fight. It was not a question. "I'd never. It's unforgivable."

The woman reveals her humps. With her naked bosom up against him, her womanhood a hair-breadth away, she says, "Older men like you. Don't you like to squeeze fat titties?" His hand feels it. He'd cry if he could. She'll make advances on him even if he resists.

After having sex, the man wishes for penance. He takes up a branding iron. He declares, "Harlot. Never forget your place!" He burns her backside and drops it. "What is this?" Her pussy melts at the pain. "Why are you... Her body. Her body is absolutely too much. I can't resist." His erection needs a release again.

"What are you waiting for?" she asks. "Don't make me wait. Stick it in again. Brand me as much as you like. I'll be yours to the end."

He considered his chances of surviving her as a mate. The men exhausted themselves screwing the women repeatedly. Many die in the heat of passion.

The following is the story of the survivors.

They are martialled like cattle in dire need of real food and water.

Men who really want to stay with their wives badly enough to fight are marked as rations. A young woman circles the cages of these unfit matrimonial men and licks her lips. The men shudder in fear. They miss their homes and their insolent wives already.

Half their food and treasure are taken. Impoverished girls can eat, and the chubby ones learn to work harder. The physical form of the remaining girls evens out eventually over the following years. They are all going to be fit and ready to wed once they've matured.

The War Chief is left with nothing but grown women and children soon to be wed in the village. What a great deal! The one-man village. He spends his remaining days repopulating and playing husband with every last woman who accepts it. Those who don't cater to him just work and die miserable lonely lives or end up marrying one of his own sons.

The envoy who successfully made the offer of her own flesh remains as his first concubine. Her duty is to live on and follow the tribe's traditions, letting the war martial have his ways with her until new men populate the village. It is how they have done things for as long as they've known. Life here will soon be Amazonian as well.

The final outcome.

They should have known this was a battle for absolute domination.

The army failed to protect the village. Their War Chief failed. The women, without a proper genetic exchange with many men, are soon to be inbred in one generation. Without intervention or immigration, they are the last of their line. Their culture and heritage for naught should they remain.

The women who aren't marked vixens are burdened with menial labor. An attractive loser, they could only breed. Their host is in need of men. A female child who wasn't raised Amazonian has very little chance of rising in ranks. The Amazons respect strength, heritage, and in their own twisted way, the cock. The women who are enslaved pay to live on as peasants of little importance in blood.

The Amazonian tribes have an advantage. The luxury goods they plunder were unimportant, what mattered was claiming land, exploiting human resources, growing their population, and replacing the traditions of conquered tribes.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C1, Scene 5: Wanderlust[/size][/u]

We return to the commander from where we left her.

The commander hears someone calling in a singsong tone.

Her nipples stiffen, a chill runs up her spine, and she begins trotting toward the source. She calls on her beautiful subordinates because three heads are better than one.

She hears men and women calling to her, [i]"Come to us."[/i]

She unfastens her plate skirt's back panel revealing a bubble butt and loosens her top so her breasts jiggle freely under the metal. Her followers do so as well if they wore clothes. This was mere imitation. They were also merely reflections of her beauty. Their bodies aren't too far from perfection at any rate, but she has more.

It's pretty hot in the desert sun. They've gone on a long walk through the sand. Her soldiers care not. They tire not.

The commander's been listening to the sound of temptations and promises of strength and everlasting beauty. Were she truly mad, she'd discover soon enough.

A few pillars stand tall in a circle.

What gods are these? What manner of gods built this? she asks herself. Her tribe worships beast and cock, the legend of a greater power still had yet to die off. She was immersed in lectures. Now, this.

She finds herself in a shadow cast by all the pillars. She's teleported inside a temple along with her companions by a beam of light.

She appears in a parallel plane.

At the end of a stretch of emptiness, a blank tome of sorts is revealed to her. It whispers of great deed. It looks like, it feels like, it sounds like... 

[i]a man.[/i]

She's sent back to her original place she left.

"What is this?" she asks her subordinates.

"A parchment."

"A source of knowledge. A kingdom's ransom."

Enlightened. She believed the dry, blank, whispering parchment was some rite of will. A testament to the powers that dwell within the hidden place they've discovered. They could conjure something as valuable as an oasis.

They've just set foot in this strange place, and she's already been rewarded with immeasurable fortune. The captain only needed to gesture and the rest understood this would be a mission of utmost importance.

Along a corridor, a man wearing thin cloth shows up out of nowhere and they attempt to coerce him. He stares blankly. The girls notice his erection. He is an easy target for them and might as well be taken without delay.

One girl is painfully horny. She takes the first strike, pinning him easily and straddling him brushing his stiff member against her greedy entrances. She tells him, "Yeah. Yeah right there. You can do whatever you want. Oh!" After having sex for some time, she's starting to get overwhelmed.

That's never happened.

They watch in envy. Somehow, their ally fails to match the man's libido. She is fucked into submission and spanked and worked to the bone until she's left face down, cum dripping out, happy, and drunk from cum.

The next girl is grabbed. A feather touch. She thinks he meant to tickle her. She'll give him what he wants. Her happy vocals while reaching for his face indicated as much.

The leader has had enough. She says, "If he's so sure about himself, let him come."

They force him on his back. Straddling him with their knees by his head, they put his cock in all their mouths. There's so much cum they get tired of sucking. The subordinates turn and put it in their other holes.

The commander is in awe of his vast reserves, his libido, and his expedient ejaculation after short reciprocation. This is an inhuman quantity. He's a miracle of the modern age.

"I'll take him. Watch me get my stuff all over his face," says one.

She positions her crotch to contact his face. She is going to force cunnilingus from him. To the ultimate impression of all who watch the man's tongue is a snake-like pecker. She feels it slide in while teasing him with the view. Its girth is enough to give her fullness. She is generously fucked, everyone's sheer amazement.

After massive simultaneous orgasms at the ministrations of a single man, the group all fall off and release what was stored by this creature of unworldly prowess and passion.

He looks invigorated as though fucking those girls gave him great strength. The commander is grabbed and he positions himself behind her. "You're not done?!" they cry. He was continuing the sexual act they initiated.

She has the tightest anus. He sodomizes her. Instead of letting him loose, she takes control, she squeezes him and thrust herself around him. He squeezes her tits, they feel so soft that whatever touches them is stuck like a hand in dough. Although some slime is dispensed on her from his hands, the sheer effort left this strange man tapped out bone dry. He collapses after climaxing.

Our champion, the only one left standing, tends to a few wounds by licking her allies clean. They're incapable of following. She progresses further on.

A bounty of men awaits. She attempts to contest them with her wiles. Persuade them. Any straight man could, any woman would desire her body.

She'll try a gentle touch, she offers them, "Show me around. I'll let you take me for a ride when we're done."

They don't try to negotiate. They're either too smart, or absolute letch. At the sight of her, they take her.

The moment she's within grasping distance their peckers are out. They splatter cum across her and fill her with large beads that fit into her tight anus. They tie her down and continue on and on and on.

They're kinky, licking her pits and sucking at the fat of her belly, and more. They have implements ready, implying many possible future bondage opportunities, were she to succumb.

No matter how much they try, her cooch is so tight that many attempts to force their way in just end up in her ass.

The rest shoot thick wads around and over her. She swallows cum. She drools cum. She practically breathes cum while it streams through her belly out her mouth. She gets milked so hard by rough hands her fat tits hurt, they're plucked red. She's pounded from every angle, attempts to molest her breasts, ears, her hair, her back. Multiple phalli rub all over her buttcrack and vagina at once pumping their seed. They tweak her nipples, her clit, her fine cheeks.

Tentacles wrap around her and whatever clothing she has left is lost in pools of semen. She's choked, twisted, and nearly drowned in liquid manhood from how much they came. About ten men with bottomless sexual desire.

Eventually, they can't stop cumming and fall over after blowing their stack on her. They still try to kiss and tenderly fuck her, still erect despite their weariness. Their bodies soon fail.

A big one appears, he has dry orgasms trying to jerk off in her face. The commander sucks and squeezes his balls until she works out his pre-cum. She lets it spill out on her chest. After this relief, he mounts and gives her a good ride weighing her down with his huge bulk.

The cum on the floor is enough that a puddle has formed. She slips around in it on her elbows and knees while he tries stupidly to shove an oversized cock into her. His cum is spilling out like a broken valve and after he loosed a few gallons wherever he can the champ is left covered in it with a sore anus and throat, but she is the clear winner from the massive cum-slathering fuckfest.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C1, Scene 6: Desert Vixen Pie[/size][/u]

Emerging from the pool, alone, is the girl in command of thousands is absolutely beautiful nymphomaniacs.

She breathes in and then harshly out, climaxing. She is remaining invigorated, orgasmic, and thrilled from the strange energy of the men she just took in.

She's completely naked, she is tan. Her oiled skin has been adorned with cum and saliva and other bodily fluids, as well as grease, and trails of blacker-still slime. 

She reaches into the wetness and retrieves an item. With her weapon in hand she recovered from the pool, resembling a man's cock made from twisted leather, she continues.

She reaches a small room. There is a girl with her remarkable face, a resemblance exacted to be indiscernible. She hears a voice in her mind. This time, her own.

Prove your flesh is worthy. Ascend to be one unrivaled.

"Who are you?" the commander asks. No response.

She twists the girl's arm. "Answer me, girl," she demands to no avail. She's not fighting back. After twisting the girl's arm, she's certain that it hurt her.

She threatens, "I'll use this. This can make you bleed." She reveals her tool. She puts her hand on her exact replica's mouth. "If you won't talk, then you won't need this." She puts the tool in the girl's mouth. "Let me hear you scream." She jabs her finger into the clit while feeling her breathing. The girl shakes her head slowly. She's tough, she thinks.

The Amazon considers, Maybe her tits will yield.

She slaps one tit and pinches the nipple pulling on it. She takes back her wand and uses it on her. She compliments, "You're surprisingly difficult. I commend you. How about this?" She puts the dildo in the doppelganger's mouth to force fellatio. Her lips move to service it. "Ok..." She puts her clit to the other woman's mouth. "That's right. Eat it. Which is better, mine or this?" She finishes a light orgasm.

She's tired and sticky from the dried fluid on her from those men. She decides it's time to end things.

She fits the dildo at the entrance of her doppelganger and attempts to interrogate her with more force. She presses it further. Her doppelganger doesn't complain. She only stares back into her eyes and flexes with the pressure of the insertion. It hurt, it's clear. As the dildo penetrates she rolls her eyes up. It must have felt good, in the end.

The commander leaves. The dildo remained deep in her doppelganger's cunt with a torrent of dark liquid oozing out from her broken hymen.

Her name is Dread. A virgin no longer.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C1, Scene 7: Align, Assimilate, Conquest[/size][/u]

The escorts she left behind have been brought into the next room before her. The two women are getting absolutely destroyed by a group of cumtastic men like her previous experience.

"My my. Aren't we the lucky ones?" she mocks.

One woman is being tied to a wooden frame, her tongue lolling out of her mouth. The other is taking cumshots to the face repeatedly and can't open her eyes. No doubt, they'll be here forever, servicing the men until they finally succumb to exhaustion. Unlike her.

There are many others who wound up here. There's no telling how they got involved. They're mere playthings for the creatures that lurk in this ancient place. She offers, "Maybe I'll join you later." Can't waste dick.

She finds a room with three glowing totems. She licks her lips. She reaches out to one, the lights mingle and she is rapt by the power which dwells in them.

*****
[hr]

(Champion's Blood, Pink Alignment)
[u][size=115]Pink []The Phallic Lord[][/size][/u]

Reaching for a red essence that resembles an armored scorpion with a sharp harpoon-shaped stinger for a tail, the champion is concussively knocked backward and collapses, her muscles grow, harden, and her skin becomes oily.

She's hot. She burns the air. Her sweat evaporates. A thick armor materializes over her new rock-hard abs and thighs, pleats like muscles and scales trail down her arms and legs. Her breasts shrink slightly and point straight erect like perfectly formed fruits. Her pussy is filled with a pink phallus, a demonic cock, it breaks her empty womb but imbues her with ever more power. The phallus grows at first showing her the true length, then retracts. Her uterus and slit form the sheath for it, but it also vanishes completely leaving her all woman once more.

A Dread Witch spawn is born.

She walks back to where her escorts were being forced on for the past few minutes and find the bukkake demons writhing. Seeing them now, a shell of their former glory. It makes her sad she'd never get to feel their never-ending whiles again.

She sets her sight on her compadre. They are glistening and beautiful in the fluids. Having regained some strength from rest, having been fucked, they are receptive.

Dread achieves her first male erection, coupled with dirty thoughts, and is disgusted by how unprepared her warriors were. So she fucks them, and she uses full heat.

Her cock enters the first girl's cunt boiling her insides. The recipient bears her teeth and bites back the urge to scream. After being rammed by the voracious girl for several minutes she spurts pussy juice and bites Dread.

The sensation of writhing pussy flesh and futile efforts to fend her off is enchanting. That girl gets dropped, the meaningless bite heals immediately.

"What a beautiful woman," Dread compliments. "Now I'll have a taste of your flesh."

The next open cunt trembles and tries to use her words, "Please. Not like that."

"Shut your stupid cunt," Dread demands. A warrior betrays herself, her training, with her pathetic cries. "A whore like you." She won't shut up until the point is made fully inserted.

She's writhing with passion instead of trembling as her smoking hole gives up. Dread has her own glancing orgasm, the ejaculation is so extreme that the flood breaks the warrior's uterus and her scream rattles out, "Commander! Nooo! It's so fucking painful. You'll take my life with it!" Spurts come out of the girl's ass. The broken woman cries sorrowful tears.

Dread forgets her face quickly. Her male orgasm enervates her. She loses interest. She drops her fuck friend on the solid floor and moves to the next, the cum still blooming at the tip of her phallus.

This girl's ready and she pounces on that seriously enormous Jhones blowing it.

"The sensation of your lips is weak." Dread informs. She breaks the grasp and lifts a new anatomical toy, her phallus grows bigger and it's a nice fit in this girl's cream pot. It is penetrating and pushing and soaring till it reaches the end, filling her womb.

The strength Dread has is so powerful, when she squeezes this girl's stomach, it tightens the womb surrounding her own cock, and she's thrilled. "With this full-grown woman's moist canal, I can..." she begins to say. She's like a fleshy doll. A masturbatory toy. Oh, that's not enough, after pulling out once there's a further struggle. "What a lively doll." With a grin full of malevolence Dread plunges inside again, and again, orgasm after orgasm wracking her plaything.

Dread takes it all in with her eyes and her cock until the girl's completely wiped out. Gone limp. The lights in her eyes dim with her eyelids fluttering shut.

Her toy from earlier has a torrent coming out of her ass. She'll have to screw more women like that, the memory of her begging and screaming. There's nothing she can do with that defeated woman right now. Two more left.

Two girls have been trying to escape after seeing her brutality. There is no exit to be found, further efforts are futile. They're huddled behind a table dripping with semen from the bukkake men's sexual escapades and now with Dread staring, they're covering their eyes as though her glare hurts.

Dread greets them both by groping their chests. The girls are forced to suck off her demon within.

Their skin is turning pink from the insidious power of her phallus. They get hornier sharing the cock. Both girls are brimming with newfound strength and gladly keep ingesting all that comes out if it. Their pussies are wet and overflowing. They fondle each other and blush. They take Dread in their throats and swallow. Faster, deeper, it turns them on more. Finally, the begging starts, they wanted it. They changed. Their pussies are hot. Boiling-hot.

Both can't wait, so they get on top of the dead-tired bukkake men whose erections are spent. They start scissoring, Dread gets herself in-between both of them and adds a fountain of cum.

They try a few more positions. Two girls sandwiched face to face, on top of each other, ass-to-ass, sixty-nining. Dread uses her appendage to fill everything they send her way.

A new breed of warrior. One that can withstand the orgasm that would destroy another. How interesting. And that's not all. They grow their own cocks.

A girl comes out of nowhere, soaked from the waist down. She lies down and offers herself like a piece of meat, eyes tightly shut. "Use me!" she proclaims.

Dread takes in the sight and waves her two girls forward. They facefuck her and cum down the straggler's throat taking turns cumming inside her. Their dicks enter the girl's body easily, she's weak and treated shamelessly. After all holes are violated twice they double penetrate her. Her composure starting to dwindle, eyes fluttering, she orgasms, and so do the two inside her.

"Wonderful," Dread's voice wells with joy. She announces, "Like this. The warriors feast on women, too."

Her phallus acts as a real organ, a delightful sensation, and a great new weapon to command. She remains feminine with the body of an athletic woman. She has multiple orgasms during a single penetration and her sinuous body lasts forever. The force of her strength while she fucks them is so great, that any female she visits suffers a screaming confession of hate, love, regret, and rapture all while enduring her.

The power of her pink deity has allowed Dread to enjoy the flesh of another woman's pussy. The pleasure of breaking she's known all too well has been rekindled in flames so bright, that she cares not for their sake. She wants more. The act is much more final than some silly cock-drill wand. She can cum inside them. She fertilizes them, consuming their physical body's resources, or worse.

Once every last girl is worked to exhaustion, Dread gathers them in her arms, and then she announces, "My bare body erects mountains. I can cum for hours with a single breath. I fuck armies without breaking a sweat. Face me and you will be exhausted."

*****
[hr]

(Alternate, Blue Alignment)
[u][size=115]Blue []The Erotic Goddess[][/size][/u]

Reaching for a blue dome with a kinky nipple resembling an impossibly buoyant breast, it latches onto one kinky nipple and sucks down hard into her breast bringing about an immaculate orgasm. The single dome of essence wraps around one succulent nipple firmly and spirals down that breast creating a lacey pattern, sinking in as though it were now one with her.

Both her breasts amplify their peak, reform to a lower carriage, augment in size, and feel weightless, they bounce adrift as she moves.

Our champion is transformed into a translucent glowing goddess with a phat ass and innocent dewy eyes. She dons sheer lingerie that floats about her. 

Falling to her knees, Dread reaches down covering her privates and she squirts, the orgasm continues. "Eeah?!" she reacts. Her nipples lactate slightly. "Oooh!" She can barely stand, but she wills it and does with her hips twisting lightly trying to hold something in. From now on, she is always on the verge of another great feeling.

A Dread Goddess is formed.

She brusquely wanders back to where there were men fucking for a piece of the action. Sleeping, writhing, her warriors did more work than she expected.

She tries to blow one bukkake zealot to wake him up. A guilty look is plastered across her face as she enjoys it. After very little results, her friends come around and help her up.

"This man's done, oh my gosh, your face, look at you! What happened?" they ask.

She's somehow spread and thickened and puffed in ways that should only be natural. No tricks or training could have done it. They're on her shit. They are into her, they already were, but now it's another level of worship.

She's got cum pretty much all over her from the bukkake bath she took.

They each become enchanted by her beauty and feel for her transcending sensuality. Starting with her obtrusive tits and her face, they lick and kiss the commander. They feel her soft body by holding her against them.

The beautiful goddess gets wet. Wetter. Her nipples ooze uncontrollably, she drools from the fondling, their tongues taste her but she tastes it back, through the skin, her ass shakes from jostling, and her tits bounce and they won't stop touching her soft boobs.

"I'm gonna..." she says. the tension in her privates builds up to such extremes she thinks, I really need to let them know. Her inner core spasms it's like a wave spreading through her. "I'm going to cum. Oh god, I'm going to, any moment!"

Her ears are being licked, her nipples are swollen stiff, red as cherries with hard pink sprinkles surrounding them. They feel sore. They look as if they will pop from the pressure building up. "Don't suck on them so hard," she cries. They keep feeling them. They start licking lower and get her stomach, her butt, they lick her clit, her front, and her back. Her toes. They get a taste of everything, they all lick her at once.

They are cumming from touching her. They have several orgasms from Dread's power seeping into them. After licking her clean of all the cum, they want her bad.

They form up side-by-side and spread their wanting wells of worthy to have her taste them now. To have her lick them mpw, would be unearthly!

Rifts appear and hap upon the enchanted women holding themselves so enticingly.

Dread, vying for more approval, uses many specters like probing limbs from her body.

The summoned rifts begin playing, simulating mouths, hands, tongues, furs, linen, instruments, ... cocks. A glowing menagerie of understood sensations meant to please.

Each girl gets the treatment that they gave her tenfold.

Their slits and anuses are opened gently. During the intercourse, it goes a little farther in, teasing. And while this happens, more sensations.

Objects pass all the way through them not touching. Glowing cum not of this world drips around them. Their bodies are coated and their skin itches, tingling, trickling soothing. Bright lights flash in their heads while they thrust at objects that are immaterial. Spectral tentacles wrap around their bodies, binding them, twisting them passionately, making them moan and beg "more."

They reach out to dread for it was she, whom all they hold dear, begging for "more" of the pleasure of endless tireless sexual groping. The pleasure of an endless orgasm.

And it was dread that meets them. She gives them individual comfort. Mano a mano. She's floating in the air. Her fingers, her lips, her tongue, her sweet-scented breasts. She lets them taste each one.

The lustful girls crumble at the invisible connection, they succumb.

She begins teleporting rapidly.

The girls' midsections vibrate with kinetic powers. She kisses each one while they cum, and tantalizes them with foreplay and dancing. Her amusement arouses them more. She sucks on their nipples, and their breasts start growing larger from her power sinking into them directly.

A goddess stands tall, aloof, vaginal fluids
dripping from her body, her nipples fully erect.

She splits into five of herself so simultaneously
her mates caressed. She would so tenderly

pleasure them. While doing this, she commences
an incantation. Symbols and power flood upwards,

ending her split personification.
A Goddess of Delight, she is reborn!

They've absorbed so much of her power. Their thoughts have become amusing as she reads their exorbitant praise.

She would make them hers now.

They all spontaneously generate a ball of energy in front of them, just below their pelvis. Their breasts become sopping moist, and their asses quiver while they walk. They give into delight. They give everything.

The energy balls acting as a respective phallus for each girl are thrust against her vigorously. She swallows the glowing energetic substances spread on her face. Lights of pleasure slide along her chest. Her cleavage is covered and mashed about while she is fondled.

The girls take on an ethereal form, losing their touch with reality, and they send their souls over to the one that is delight. They combine and form a blob that sucks her in and forces her consciousness open to theirs. It turns her head roughly for a moment and then recedes into her flesh with her eyes closed. Her eyes glow a deep frightening blue once she opens them.

As the rapt spirits of her comrades reside within her, Dread delightfully muses while smiling, "I travel through space, time, dimensions. I can command man and woman alike to endure pleasure with a single thought. Each waking moment for me feels like centuries of ecstasy. Face me and you will be eternally fucked."

*****
[hr]

(Alternate, Green Alignment)
[u][size=115]Green []The Perverse Devil[][/size][/u]

Reaching for a green statue with wings and a forked tongue that seems to bind itself. In a sudden panic, our champion is thrown off. "Yes just like that!" she starts to say and puts her fingers to her lips. Why'd she say it? A green glow trails veins through her body until she is consumed with green segmented tendrils. Her body is covered by tattered robes, giving a destitute appearance. Her tongue whips about like a lizard's and black wings appear at her back for a moment, subsiding, disappearing.

She knew herself, with absolute certainty she says, I'm not the sun. I am not the light. I am the night.

A Dread Devil is born.

She wants nothing more than to see her cohorts fumbling in sexual agony.

She reenters where the bukkake orgy was taking place ready to experience this anew, and from afar. To her dismay, the men are unconscious. Her friends are resting peacefully instead of being reamed, beaten, and abused.

What about my needs? she pouts.

Displaying little anger but unleashing unbridled lust, she licks one of these girls going straight from pussy to ass. Sticking her thick probing tongue in, tongue-fucking and lapping her.

"What lovely insides you have," she bequeaths her such gratifying compliments. Though unconscious she may be.

She grinds her own pussy against the other. Soon her little friend is riled and ready. "Awake?" she questions. "Didn't you know, women could do this?" Breathing heavy, panting, even gushing and red from embarrassment, Dread's vicious bride turns to her and returns a passionate kiss, a kiss, she "glurk" swallows as a deep, penetrating length enters her mouth and tickles her throat.

The lizard-like tongue is long and it threatens to enter her deeply, but it doesn't. They continue making out. Dread's friend gets hotter and hotter, sensing helplessness and envy. Gradually, becoming reassured of her safety. From the comforting feelings. From the large swirling motions that her commander controls in her mouth, from her own lust. Passionately returning everything she can.

Pretty soon, she's docile and limp, her energy and focus are narrowed to more immediate urges, a need for sexual release. She's entirely focused on her clitoris. It's already been played with and ready.

Sweating and so horny now, the victim cries out, "More, more!" She passes out and squirts herself.

"Yes," Dread says. "I'll give you it all." Carnal desire violates her woman to her core.

Other women gather around. Their commander struck first with shock and awe, they are wet and delirious, and the room has an odd insidious dark aura forming about it.

Just a moment ago, they saw Dread become a man with the wings of a bat. Her body was of a devil. She fucks with obscene passion like a horrifying monster bent over tearing into a sacrificial lamb.

That man fucked her raw and groped every inch biting and clawing, the pretty lamb took it all and begged for "more!"

He pushed deep into her and his cum came out, blood trickled out her womanhood, the beast fucking so hard her skin tore. The girl was flipped over and drilled like a horny bitch, loving it. She bled from pleasure and begged for even more.

The devil's dick pulled out and got bigger, spiky knobs grew from the sides and it went back in. Her ass was stretched open by his fingers, she went berserk, her scrawny waist flexing down and up and down. It looked like it would never stop.

She presses her tongue into the berserk girl just once to relieve her before she screamed like a horny banshee and sprayed hot liquid and coughed from her raw sore throat. "Mmore. Fuuck. Mmmooore! Cohh." Cough.

Another girl is accosted by an octopus-like creature feeling her body. It pushes inside her pussy, her ass, her mouth, squeezes her breasts, spreads her body open and twists her arm, pushes her to the ground, and feels her again and again. She'll be pulled inside-out. It covered her eyes, and her ears, and pleasured her toying with her remaining senses more and more.

She says, "Can't breathe." She can't scream in pleasure, she thinks. She can't see what was in front of her or what shape it took on, but she felt it. A thick goo of vaginal fluid spreads from her pussy. Her nipples become red and hard. She pisses herself. She opens her mouth wide to release the tension in her throat and breathe. Something enters her mouth and she coughs up phlegm. Her ass is stretched and she holds her own ass with her free hands to avoid evacuating herself. Then she's bound to a table by Dread.

At that moment she can see the commander. Each girl is sticking their fingers in her while she's bound by tattered cloth. There are trails of smoke and energies lofting about.

The last of the group is still entranced. Dread entices them to make love to this bound girl. She admires it with a sick sense of satisfaction. They were all playthings, they were like wind-up toys, out of control with lust. It was her that got it started, she was the one with the key, she turned it and let their motors run.

One believed a boy pulled her down on top of him. So she took charge groping his cock on top; Another saw a dick of a strong man she lovingly licked to keep erect; Another saw a beautiful banquet of clams to suck on, a feast.

The first victim regains consciousness. Her mind is a hazy mess. She masturbates, still wet. She approaches Dread directly and gets on her knees. First orally pleasuring, trying to feel her body. She gives up and rubs her body against the semi-nude devil.

She's held loosely and Dread returns the oral pleasure by getting on her knees and doing the same. She suffers massive multiple orgasms and sweats, her inner power draining quickly. A fat long tongue slides into her and her eyes went blank. The tongue slides out and her pussy is munched and licked until her body stops twitching from orgasm.

The group of girls tire themselves out and wane, then collapse, happily exhausted. They encountered whatever sexual thrill they could imagine. Some of them dreamed of things lasting an entire lifetime, trapped in their own minds. Their inhibitions were revisited, allowing only their ecstasy to remain.

Dread brooded then. The deed was so simple. So thankless. Not one girl made her come even close to joy or pleasure. With finality, she stands and mutters, "I can see within the secret hearts of men and women. I can warp their minds and unravel inhibition. Beyond desire, there is torment. Face me and you will be completely satisfied."