current: part 4

there's a lot of potential, but I think at this point I'm better off refining the current story or extending it. I'm sure when I do, I'll use some of the presented ideas.


The next arc of internal dankness, "Milk," is going to be first person from my experience. The 50 goddess harem is... probably good enough it could be revisited on multiple occasions. I already thought of a few scenes with the first arc characters but I'm deciding how to narrate those. I figured it out. In a truly fucked up and beautiful way.


#
people want to see the horses?


I might know who Yakre is. It may be a shock to Illmuire, who is only privvy to the knowledge her disciples and champion are able to share with her. If I could meet the goddess in person I could give warning. I heard she made a contract. Just how binding is it?

#
I really need to fix the dialogue structure in my novel

"" ... says ""

... says ""

"" says ...

or old english

quoth ...

there's also no need to chop up the paragraph unless two people are talking back and forth

"hi" 1
"hi" 2
1
2
1
2


call them dolls, what could that mean cindy dolls?

about 300 others
about 300 pussies

describe the arousal process with emphasis for character personality
	for libido sake emphasize the engorged erections, the intercourse
	for vanity em. the beauty beheld, the climax / breed
	for lust the sensation, the emotion
	
	
angel intervention
	angels "swallowing or biting" a tree ?
	It could mean me, I'm changing the course
		If the bird's overtaking the branch then it could mean I'm taking the entire narrative in control
		
		
	Paired with the rest of the images it could mean an angel wants to give me a blowjob
	
	In my novel...
	
		angels can have sex with the aunt now
		angels gave head in their second encounter
		
	back story
	why are cosmic sluts turning into angels, and much like Amazons?
		
		Couldn't there be a tribe of lesbians who give head instead of going to war?
		
		The angel tits version tends to attack with their incredible pussies, but I want to see them give head to men and women alike. They're also incentivised to use their pussy for pleasure. In the first arc they're trying to defeat the hero so... they have to be good friends first.
		
	So, is it took late to summon other cosmic sluts with traits of angels?

suggested scenarios:
	angels giving head to women # did it
	

	horses being overwhelmed by so much desire # did this, but perhaps a pov sketch would be better

	dolphins getting handjobs
	
	more about goddess prism, splitting?

meta

bone knife
just uhh the other something

mindblown brain body


If namedropping a woman could get her to show up at my doorstep, I'd absolutely try.

Reconsider the interpretation of "police gangbang young boy"

Reconsider the resulting storyline of sending a hypersexual nymphomaniac to fuck a man trying to read his stories. Would she really need to bring a new friend every time? Are they going to fuck his girlfriend/fiance/wife if she interferes? Is he really so incapable, he asks his maid service and dearest friend with benefits to waylay their nephew's visit, to the beat of a pornographic gangbang? There has to be something wrong with this. Try and find out what that is.

I think it's pretty rad. And I'm calling their faction of nymphs the 'Boony Bopp'.

When the tip, the entrance of a man's urethra has something rub against it, it's a sharp pain unless he's at a heightened arousal. So I imagine that's the worst feeling someone could experience from skipping foreplay and trying to force arousal directly.

If sex involves bleeding from scrapes and sandpaper dry insertion then I wouldn't even consider it anything besides violence. Like slapping a girl on the ass really hard just because you think it'll look good, not because you know her. If your hand doesn't bleed, it seems like it'd be pretty satisfying. This whole paragraph is just an example of what not to do because it will be an almost guarantee violation of interfering with someone's expectation.

how the variety of futa work is three or four, multiple ways some get to have a vagina, some get to have testicles, some have neither, it's not worth trying to get them all pinned into categories. Some have a clit-dick some have a 'newhalf' that covers the urethra, and some just have a dick with balls, or a dick that's coming out of the vagina, or any other spot it'll stick, like a dickdemon. And that should cover it. But to be thorough, I added the concept that natural futas have a potential prostate, while the rest get a magical buff like a dildo would. So if there's a cock-tongue type of manifestation, no balls required. Dickdemon, if it's the snake type, no balls, at least not human enough to ever see them. And finally, there is potential for another kind of semen, you just have to use your imagination. Cock and balls are just how we have observed sexual reproduction in humans or mammals.

My paragraph grammar and dialogue for the first five chapters is so not ready

Paragraph breaks appear flexible, add more, every time there's a 'new idea'

I only attempted to give certain character unique speaking styles. Is that enough? The reason I must consider, is the default will always sound more like how I'd communicate unless I adopt a style in my writing.

Family tree, umm stupid backstory? Maybe I'll indicate it's nonsense a little more certain.

I'm supposed to be trying to become a stereotype. I think it's pretty important that I define what stereotpes I really appreciate.

New stereotypes pop up all the time. Cliches appear by the hundreds. Which ones you give power to are important. So there may be not one individual character in my story that perfectly represents a human but they do have many stereotypes and cliches associated already. Like, a woman doesn't need to be a man to act like one, or vice versa. The bad attitude of a lech can be acquired from other means besides turning old, just reading the tome is enough it gave the uncle the instinct to breed.

The tome's story has a stereotype. It makes people much more receptive, it grants them an understanding.

The ancients have a stereotype, they're archetypes so they're also given abilities that aren't imitatable.

The zealots and subordinates strongly align to the archetypes. Which does make them stereotypes.

The unaligned are weak in some way. The chosen has aligned, they just don't know it.

