Continuing from pink alignment
Milky Bunny Doll Crush


[b]Part 1, Dank Reverie[/b]

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 1: Girl in Bed X a Phallic God, Using His Words[/size][/u]

"It's unfortunate," sayeth the evil witch. "The hive has become corrupted. A cuckold's prank. If I were there I could have done something." She would have joined them. "They're having a great time now. I can do little to stop them."

Dread speaks with Zeth. She's dressed in a cloak holding a magic wand, ribbed, with a curve and prongs along the hilt.

Zeth responds through the nexus communications array, "They were a diversion. Their sacrifice is trivial. I've had a vision of my future triumph. I make it with Yakre." His thrall raises her eyebrows a couple of times. He sounds happy. "Her absolute despair is as beautiful as this world's greatness under my rule."

My master, she thinks, bringing him here would never have been enough. She understands. She has a naughty idea. "That's wonderful," she says. "What does she look like?"

"Her image is between the veil of guile and ignorance. She is the embodiment of seduction. She can be a feeling. She can ingrain herself within the fabric of others. To me, she's a woman not unlike you. Yakre is not a fighter. Her reliance on her intellect is absolute. Her aching need for me when I see her. All her planning and power is useless. Her body calls for my taking."

This is amazing. She could even be regarded in the same breath as another ancient he dreams of sleeping with. Her meeting with Zeth will be destiny. "A woman?" she's talking flirty about now. There's no point in hiding it. She wants Zeth in her. "Like me?"

"She's ignorant to the danger contending her. I can easily break her and fertilize her. Her flesh is weak and yielding. No less than yours. Her body is corporeal. I am her greatest danger. She questions things. Like you. She gladly meets her doom as my breeding stock. Like you have."

His assertive tone. The disdain, she most certainly would. If Zeth has a boner right now she'd like to see it.

"How do you beat her? How does her body feel?"

"I meet the devil with a tail on the field of dimensional conquest before we've integrated to your realm.

"She greets me. Her bewitching gaze has me at her throat immediately trying to finish her.

"She melts like candy beneath my tongue. 

"I know I haven't been rough enough, it must be a trick. I play along. 'You've lost,' I tell her. 'Now you'll feel me inside you for eternity. You won't have a moment of rest.'

"She instructs me to try harder. She can't even feel it. I recognize this ploy. I felt the satisfaction from ripping one of her arms off before she vanishes.

"She was an illusion created in our realm to slow me. She has fled to your plane of existence, believing I've been tricked.

"She's a fool.

"I arrive. She attempts to mate me a hundred fold by splitting her mind into the mortals. Their essence fogs my sense.

"To find her I tear through their breedable loins finishing blooding and bedding them in all walks of life. Persuing Yakre is very enjoyable, she makes it clear of that." He growls. "By overcoming her trick for a span of a mortal lifetime I can find her. Her real body is deep in a trance. It's nowhere. Until I gather enough pieces she's not real. She's split herself through reality like a puzzle.

"I surpass reality.

"Once I've shattered her veil over this reality, I break through concrete and melt steel with my bare hands. I'll reach her before she can awake from her delusion and shove my cock down her throat releasing my vitriol, denying her a chance to breathe I finish unloading the essence on her face. 

"'You should have known. I was screaming your name while I fucked your dolls across time and reality. Even if I whispered in your ear.'

"She should have never come. There's only one thing I want. She offers it, she becomes it. Her only chance to survive.

"She thought natural laws would hold me.

"'He should have fallen in love, formed a harem, had a family from the women she provided as body and mind.'

"A panic room, a bunker, a thousand leagues of stone and ice, I broke through to crush her. She controls reality, but she hopes of controlling me even more. I have her. She is a woman, like you. So listen closely. This is what will come of your kind, for it is prophecized. This is my triumph.

"I spank her until her body contorts in rage and pain. She is begging me to stop. I won't stop for days. She will attempt to injure me with mortal weapons, my neutron-armor coating me all times surpasses science. I am a mountain made of crashing waves. She's nothing but the trees growing at my foot.

"When she gives in, when she finally gets mad, her weakness of violence, that's when I force my phallic lances inside her and discharge in her to jump-start her a thousand years of ovulation in my service.

"She knows so much about violence. She knows I am brutality incarnate. I've driven her to her wits end. She doesn't understand this."

He's holding something out. Retractable, like the claws on a cat. It could be multiple penises or quills like a porcupine.

Dread squeezes her thighs together and gets off on it. Her voice is calm, trying not to tell what she's really thinking. He's being serious. This isn't the time, girl, she tells herself. Then tasks him, "How big is it? Show me. I could use a demonstration. What you'd..." He's got something more toxic to a woman than poison in those, some aphrodisiac? He'll discharge something powerful in her. Could it get any better? "If you use that on a human female, what happens?"

"It's quite capable and large in any dimension. Why do you need to know?"

Yi ye. She practices saying the words properly into her sweating palms. "Yes lord," she says. "It's because there are many fertile women. Sex with an ancient must be quite memorable. You haven't..." Hasn't rawdogged and hogtied her smacking in there make her cry shoot jizz in her eye. Oh Zeth.

"You only start existing, and you expect to be granted everything. I've never slept with a mortal woman. Although I've come close, before your time. There's more."

"Yes please. Don't mind me."

"The fantasies she controls will consume her. After then, the sexuality she wielded like any tool backfires. With her body numbed by my insertion, her ovulation gaining on her instincts she'll immediately present herself for me. I am her greatest foe, and I grant her the ultimate pleasure of losing her body. Removing her arms and legs and her other senses she'll want naught but to bear children. I give her every child she can bear with her hips."

"Isn't that going to kill her?" Dread has to ask.

"No, it only hurts. Her mind is not corporeal, and we are in a corporeal realm. This is her body. I remove her arms and legs. When I sense her consciousness slip I blind her bewitching eyes by searing her flesh back together."

"How badly do you intend to hurt her?"

"Eternally. She will bend her will to endure. I clip her wings and insert much of my genitalia and reproductive viscera into her. She'll only feel when the intercourse resumes, when I'm aroused, when I use her, when I want or need, or if I call upon. Between those times she'll be docile. Her body is completely under my control from then on. It will be her greatest pleasure to serve.

"When she breaks, fatigued from childbirth, no longer able to quell or speak, it will be centuries. I drill into her one last time finally breaking her last willful defense and pump her full to corrupt her immortal mind. Parasitic magic, subverion, the essence of her own consciousness wills for my survival and empowerment, and it wills for me to end her torment. As a threat in your reality, she is no longer. She is part of me, forever bearing my burden. She only need know me, fight as a part of me. She continues to breed with me as I please, bearing offspring, eternally."

"Is the sex good for her while she is still alive?"

"She is very much alive, eternally. She is not here. She thinks this is the greatest time of her life, her remaining corporeal mind warps the world to try pleasuring me. Such games, she enjoys them, and I learn to use her in this manner as well.

"I can transmit the desired sensations. Together, the sex she experiences is impossible to describe. She knows lust fluently. Until then, she'll have no time to think, let alone speak it."

"Almost." What can she get him to say? She speaks slightly monotonously, "Excuse me. What would you do if your opponent was Illmuire?"

"I am victorious. This is a jest. It has happened."

"That's not... isn't there a balance?"

"There hasn't been a balance for eons. After Yakre's one with me, I have the ultimate power. A physical-mental clarity. I'll tell you what I'd do. I'd rip into her jelly-like flesh after ridiculing her and devour her manifolds. I most certainly will break through to her ever-yearning interior and take her as well."

Excited, he really sounds angry about this, this is becoming a hate-fuck. And he's going to rape the ancients. He's definitely making this up as he goes along. She'd enjoy watching. "Ah! What does she look like?" she says it with fervor.

"She has a disdain for the material. As a human, she looks very stuck up. Her perfectionism is demeaning to those around her. Her body is incredibly extravagant. She has a soft exterior. It's as though anything can overpower her, penetrate her, bring her sensual essence to light. She wears sheer clothes for protection. She overdoes her hairstyle. She carries trinkets, an umbrella, jewelry, scepters, books, visible through what she wears. Her breasts and her body are incredibly moist, soft, tempting enough one would try to eat them. Her sweat is sweet. She uses her sex as a weapon."

"Won't she be too easy to face?"

"Her inputs are no match. With Yakre empowering me, I deny her the pleasure she'll feel from defeat. No matter how much cum she desires. When I destroy all of her, there will be nothing but a doll with an open mouth unable to find release. I will repeatedly violate her, every part of her. I'll put my claws around her neck and yell my victory as I thrust into her. When she's nothing but a cocksleeve I'll latch into her insides and split her like a log I buried my axe into. When her reservoir is within my grasp I can put my final lances in her and bring her to that same conclusion.

"She'll be unable to cum from any sensation unless I allow it. Seeding her like this, then allowing her to orgasm only when I finish insemination. With two birthing ancients under control. Either of their power makes me unstoppable! We have to summon her next.

"My legions of hybrid children will ravage the Earth for eternity and the universe. And then every realm in all worlds."

She cums. "YES! Haha. I'm amazed at your brilliant plan my liege." She's panting. He's got a plan. A very horny plan. "You'll conquer this universe and produce your unearthly spawn with those bitches. You'll come to mate with me of course?" He didn't notice her masturbate, did he?

"Of course. I already own your body. Loyalty means nothing. You most certainly will become part of me like the rest."

"I'm loyal to the end. Would you violate me? Are you going to do that to me? Will you ravage my body and force your will?"

"There's no question. You'll have to deal with me and my children and bear whatever we desire in this world and the next. You have no choice. There is no other future."

Him and his children. Together? She's going to... With all of them? She'll make this happen. She'll make it even if it means she'll bleed. She feels her insides throttle and adrenaline rushes, her face turns red. Oh no, she's blushing.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 2: Uncle's Dank Duty[/size][/u]

I've gone everywhere in the mansion but I haven't been in the maid's changing room.

Maybe I'm not the only person here. There was that anal chick. This could change things. I can catch naked half-naked girls changing clothes, maybe there's a bed. Heh, who knows, the crazy thing is I never considered coming here before. Here I am, I go in this room. In this room...

A woman in erotic, exorbitantly frilled lingerie walks past me entering and another practically naked but for the sweat on her and her makeup leaves. A man is in bed with an enormous erection like a cobra at attention waiting to strike. He is sleeping. Yet, he is waiting for the next mate. This is not the maid's changing room. This is the master's bedroom.

The three o'clock maid finishes and slips the jagged prick of the master out. She runs a finger over her clit while doing it. The morning maid enters and she's about to finish extracting him like an arrowhead out of a gaping wound. She's out of bed and informs her sexual progenitor, "He's been in a good mood today. Enjoy the morning wood."

She responds, "I always do. I want him to do that to me again when he wakes up."

He's waking up, it's too soon.

"Get on him before he opens his eyes all the way."

The next girl enters like a hazy dream and mounts, inserting is the easy part. He falls back asleep. The woman servicing him is a doll-like maid.

She's wearing something on her head like a crown and her hair's tucked into it in a braid. She's seated cowgirl in his lap. Her bed-play is a gentle rocking motion. He's always ready for rougher stuff, but she has to take her time, it's a half-hour before sunrise. A woman lies asleep to her left, the same as always.

It's time.

He is opening his eyes while she gasps. Who knows how many times the maids switch at night. This is the one he gets to see when he wakes up. He knows he must release his bladder. "It must be you," he knowingly says, beguiling her as much as he can. "You adore this, you absolutely can't get enough you nasty little minx."

The broken-in maids take care of his unruly cock all day and all night. If not, he sleepfucks, his cock has a mind of its own. Women are eager once they're trained.

His penis begins stirring and revving, twisting around inside and hammering mechanically. It lasted a manic moment. The crisis is finally over. Her insides are pasted with a gelatin he concocted not unlike glue. The sensation leaves her speechless.

"Well then. Get off you cunny whore, were not done." She nods and quietly tries to pull away with a wince. "Here, you whiny cunt." He heals her. "Clean me now, then you'll help me at the washbasin. You don't want my wife sensing your sloppy mess mixing with hers. She has a sixth sense."

He thinks any titillation is fair. It may be impossible for them to think of her more than his prick but with his reminder they will respect his wife.

She nods and performs fellatio rubbing her face against his knob.

On his right, the goddess from another place lies asleep. She seems asleep. She's also never asleep. If he asks her, she's awake. It messes with his head.

The servant spends a lot of time licking his balls and moves up the shaft, careful not to overwork herself. It's almost enough, he pushes her down around finishing another in her mouth as she gives head. She looks like she's struggling and almost pulls away when it fights her tongue running into her upper palette and shooting into the back of her throat. "He likes you," the master reassuringly says. "Come with me. You never do hold it in." They move to a pot in the corner and he sits. "Your other end is looking fine today. I forgive you. I know you want me there." He puts it in her butt and makes her very happy. It snags on her inside.

"It's stuck, milord. Beg pardon," she groans.

He watches her try to push him out. Once he's out, she cleans it off again with a helpful rag. He has been carefully observing her mood, a maid's duty is never done but they don't usually enjoy it so much they'd voluntarily be his toilet.

She's like his second wife, a horny masochistic anal slut. She'll be a fine mother, too. There's something to be said about getting too horny. He'll see to it she rests and gets pampered for a few days before she's allowed back. He can appreciate her talent. Her babymaker needs to be in working order and the science to date believes that means bed rest.

"You've outdone yourself," he tells her. He heals her body. "Get out of my sight. I don't want to see you until the next day after tomorrow." She takes this order seriously. She doesn't have to like it. "Well. Why are you still there? I'm done. Your shitter won't cause any trouble." He's still staring at her ass, broke, bloody, and healed all in the blink of an eye.

She can't leave yet, letting him know, "I have to use the pot. Sire." He acknowledges and allows this.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 3: Uncle's Goddess[/size][/u]

He has planned lewd and inventive threeways involving damsels, he thinks about them now, involving his wife. It could be happening already. The routine he carefully procured with his maids was only starting to become fully realized. Daytime maids, the goddess, and nighttime maids. They keep his head clear and in control. Breaking in new servants is probably the best. 

They're indentured, as humanity would deem fit, they know it. The are well trained pets. They'll be bred for milking and pampered. They don't ever want to leave. It would be unlawful. Unnatural.

He's got some other devious plans brewing. 'Would—'

The goddess rises and takes him back into bed before he can open his mouth. She gets on and penetrates herself in his lap before his jaw and tongue form the first word. There's a crash from the bedframe jarring. He's still quite heavy despite bulking up. It surprises him every time. His cock is ready for the battle to come. She puts her face on his, kissing him, or not really.

Whatever forgivable mistake she's about to make he prepares himself. It's coming. In the guise of humanity, she always has a folly. This time, instead of a proper kiss she's resting her face against his while working her lower half. She's forgotten her face was doing anything and her face is smushed against his shoulder expressionless.

As she screws him he reminisces. She is more beautiful to him every day. She's picked up some habits from watching his maids. It's like she's trying to be them.

She begins grunting each thrust like a wild animal, that girl with a big ass was like this, she must have gotten his wife to acknowledge her. She rubs her fingers all over her body and makes a pretense she enjoys it to no end, like a slim ballerina she's doing a mating dance, like a butterfly. She speeds up. It feels like static and clinging, his cock's sucked in with each pull his crotch is pulled out.

Her face is tickling his lips while she tries to cast something. She pulls her face off his and tries again.

He admires her recently coined 'bubblegum' tits and sticks a finger into one. Her translucent skin allows him to see his finger, his dick in her lower half, and close-up there are inner workings he can't yet understand.

His finger goes in easily, she's made to please, this also pushes the nipple in. It could have just as easily gone in her shoulder and stimulated her in a way he's not certain.

His finger goes down to the knuckle, in his wife's teat. She reacts like she didn't expect it. She's getting better. Her face smiles wide while hiding her teeth as she does and rolls her eyes up. Abnormal happiness, another strange facial expression. He fits two of his fingers in and she rubs the breast he's penetrating with both hands squeezing his fingers. He pulls them out and her nipple feels like it's gripping, yes, like a mouth, like an erogenous orifice. Not unlike three common ones. To his joy, she has always had those, too.

He does not think of her so easily when they aren't together so he takes the opportunity. He recalls her skin slowly changing color over the years. Over time, she's turning milky white. She is never pregnant, not like the others. She makes like a bee taking pollen. But she has not pollinated them, so far she's only been surviving on his nectar. He doesn't stop picturing this, why doesn't she give him child?

His second wife taps at the doorjamb.

It's time he finish here. He embraces the otherworldly beauty with a hug and pumps into her. Lips together. His cock would brutally bite into the maids if he used this force. The act is extremely enjoyable. She looks tickled, she's lubed enough it slides around without resistance. After the cum is delivered she happily goes back to dreamland with a calculated smile, a very deliberate smile, she leaves it on her face. If he wanted more from her, he's never heard her protest.

She never leaves this room, once he brought her in here she became rooted like an incredibly voracious and steadfast weed. Does she care he compares her so? She smiles anyways. He tells her, "You better wash. You start feeling," smelly, sweet, "oily and smell like flowers." A reminder he'd often tell his maids.

No, that's not right. He knows it's unnecessary. If anything she drinks from the sponge, the bathwater in the tub they bring, his body fluid as they touch. She never eats or drinks food the way he does.

She runs a hand down his six-pack and she puts her knees on him and pleasures him again orally, the image of a bee drinking nectar, his stomach easily supports her. Her nethers in his face he restrains the urge to poke hard. If he grips her butt he'd penetrate her like a bubble from soap. He holds his tongue out momentarily and then stops himself. Instead telling her, "If I didn't know better, I'd think you're cleaning me. Even your body... Why do I feel so young and how... never mind. This is just an old man's nonsense." He's afraid of how beautiful she is. Does she know? She finishes.

He gets up and leaves.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 4: New Hire[/size][/u]

A woman employed by the mansion arrives by cab.

She's new, she'll be living here for some time with her friend who will arrive separately.

She checks her hair in the side mirror. White hair, red eyes, a blemish on her eyebrow, glasses. "Shit... makeup. My makeup." She puts on some lipstick while using the mirror. She tries to straighten out her boobs and shirt. She goes to the front door of the mansion where she'll be living for the rest of her life.

It's a life of luxury and welfare in the future. Some pretty terrible living conditions exist outside for commoners. This is how the rich and powerful lure in young maids such as her. Now she only needed to do what she was told.

"Welcome. We've been expecting you," someone there greets her. The greeter is a maid in a cute outfit with long ears. Bunnygirl. She looks down.

The newcomer is wearing pants. She bites her lip and pulls her face to the side wincing, indicating someone already royally fucked up.

The new maid understands. That someone nods profusely and bows before entering with an apologetic look, asking, "have I kept you waiting?"

The greeter shakes her head, the girl has an accent, of course, they'd get more foreigners. For shame. "Not at all," she tells the newcomer. "Come get changed," looking back at the pants, "there's a dress code for the servants. Even new maids. Come with me. We'll make you look proper so you can see the master." Her voice went up at the end there, not unlike a question. There was no question, the thought of the master made her pitch her voice. "He likes to see the new maids as one would expect a man and his new consorts should. You can't blend in with the drapes and furniture here. Are you a virgin? Have you been with child lately?" No to either one.

They go upstairs and the guide tilts her head towards the master bedroom without a word and makes a high hmm noise.

"It's!" the newbie exclaims, then quiets down, "it's his room?"

They continue to a room full of garments. A tailor looks at her and he says "welcome". The guide does a quick curtsey and walks away. She believes the new maid will take some work.

As soon as she opens her mouth, the tailor stops her and barrages her with instructions and connotations about her flaunting and screwing her way to the top. "It's really the best option," he tells her. Finally. If she's French she should wear the French maid suit. Before she sees the master she should stand outside the mansion for a few minutes for fresh air.

He was very stern with both points when he began fitting her for her clothes.

She ends up with something that reveals her bottom so easily. "What about those cute outfits," she tells him. "I'd like to try on one of those." He looks at her in dismay.

"Miss, excuse me. There's no way."

Her outfit covers her midsection with a narrow bodice, and the hem barely drapes below her tailbone leaving everything in the open. A frilly collar goes around her neck. There's a hairpiece framing her head.

She's already in every respect, a fuckable doll, she tries him, "If I'm supposed to walk around naked, fine, but I thought, you know... like, the things here would excite him, like, this isn't my first time trying to look like a girl. I put on makeup five times a day like anyone else." He mostly ignores that. He lets her change her underwear to a black and white thong sporting a bunny tail, it's quite noticeable when she bends over.

"Can I have something cover my boobs." He flicks her. Then shoos her away. "Ow."

Someone is waiting at the door to immediately tell her important news, with no delay, "This time of day we all take a turn trying to woo the master. I'm sure he'll be pleased. Come." She leaves with a bunnygirl, pretty much everyone she sees is a bunnygirl or a derivation exposing more skin. Many are showing signs they're pregnant.

When they reach the main hall with the dining room, there's a line.

She's not the only one that's almost entirely naked, but she feels out of place with her tail hidden under her short skirt. She lifts it up, should she show him her butt like this or find a reason to bend over?

She asks the woman in front, "Is he more of a bosom or a butt man?" The woman just puts her finger in her mouth and raises her eyebrows. He likes his Willy puffed then. She purses her lips and feels her earlobes tickle for a hot second.

She sees her friend come into the mansion. Oh, that's right, she remembers. She's supposed to step outside for a moment. They don't have a chance to talk. The French maid walks outside and it's chilly. There are a few others.

They're constantly poking at their tits and plucking the nipples making them redder and erect. She tries to do that too. She sees it working, little rouge never hurt, she tells herself. "Ow."

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 5: Breakfast[/size][/u]

The master has his breakfast.

Maids come in and walk past him wearing trinkets dressed to entertain him, the newbie takes notes of how they all behave. He's prowling, catching his eye is not so hard. He allows them to come up close without a care and puts an arm on them, hugging them like they're receiving a commendation, getting a feel for their body before he even looks at them. After the fond touching, they walk in front of him while leaving the dining room. Many of them pull their underpants to the side while they do.

He gropes the new girls especially rough, that's going to happen to her too. She imagines what he's seeing. There's a girl with white hair and her tits are out hard nipples. He couldn't recognize her, they never met before, but he wouldn't offer a compliment or some manner of respect to a maid.

He says, "Press your tits up."

She squeezes her tits as instructed. He pulls her in and puts his face there and breathes in. His hand feels under her skirt. With all the other women watching he wouldn't make her do something too naughty right?

He gives her another instruction, "Wait near the room when you leave. Don't forget to spread your ass and show everyone what you've got." He waves for her to walk ahead and after a few steps she stops to bend over so her skirt's out of the way while pulling her thong aside, tail end up.

"I could use some milk," he says that and grabs one of the bunnygirls. His behavior is absolutely savage. He has the rest of the maids walk past while he kept that one as a sweetener, sucking at her between bites of his meal. If this is normal, it was new to her.

The women eat elsewhere until he's finished. The remaining women sit at the table in cute outfits. They're going to clean up after they have their snacks.

A group of women is taken away by the master, she's with them.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 6: The Basement[/size][/u]

There's a blonde, a brunette, a girl who's lean with a very cute face, and one with white hair. Having selected each one he finished eating quickly sucking on a milkmaid.

He gets up and takes the new girls.

Many of the girls are surprised. They're talking, "This is my second day. I can't believe it. This is so soon." The girls are excited.

"So soon?" the French maid asks, "Are we going somewhere private?"

He brings them all to the basement, where he tells them, "Today you're only indentured servants. And in a moment," he drops a trinket down the well, "you're about to be part of a family."

Up from the well scrawny figures emerge. They have tails. The maids are quiet except- "What's that?! No. AAAA! What is that a tail? Fuck. You're kidding me. What is that?" -the one petulantly yelling at the top of her lungs.

Someone from upstairs calls down, "Is everything alright?"

"Yes," answers the master. "Keep the door shut. You need not worry this sort of thing."

The French woman tries to run past while screaming. "Fucking son of a bitch HELL. HOLY SHIT. AAAA! NO -NONOnono. There's no way. PUTAIN." He easily shoves her over quelling her.

"Mind your tongue," he warns, "and do what they tell you. You belong to them."

He says something and his maids are chained magically.

It's not obvious that's how it happened, and the white haired girl protests, "No, you can't. You can't. I. I just got here. We haven't done anything." He easily forces a wooden gag in the hysterical woman's mouth because it's bothering everyone.

"My children from below will impregnate you," he directs this to all the maids.

The rest of the maids were prepped by him for at least a day. The impregnation part of the job was stoicly expected. The humanoids crawling out of the sewers come as a shock to the newbie, and at least someone else. At the same time, they look excited.

He clasps the white-haired girl's face between two fingers. "Don't run. You have nowhere to go," he tells her. She glances at the well the strange people came up from, more were coming. He's shaking hs head and pulling her to force attention. "In either direction." He says something while turning away but it's nonsense.

She thought she was going to suck his dick. She thought she'd be pregnant in a month. This is unexpected.

He goes upstairs and exits, leaving the girls in the best sexy lingerie. Nothing but erotic women for days, for the rat kids.

The people with tails couldn't care less about the clothes and tear open any clothing covering the babymakers. They slather their bodies and insertion points with fat and grease and rub oils into their hair.

The first woman taken is held up against the wall, black hair, big boobs. The man's surprisingly strong. She's wearing ears and an ornament covering her nipples, most of her skin is already bare. The ornaments are moved aside, her big areolae are revealed. Her tits jiggle while he thrusts and her face is a mix of emotion. She opens her mouth when it feels good. Watching this makes a couple of the women moist, hearing her finish they knew their turn was coming.

Others have sex with each girl.

A blonde that looks very soft wearing white lingerie and a garter belt fakes her first orgasm before she's inseminated. More men come and eventually, she isn't faking it anymore.

A thin brunette, the frailest looking, amazing inputs on her. Her entire bottom looks like it was made for this very act, but the huge cock put in stretches her out all the same.

The gagged maid with white hair tries to yell, it doesn't matter how horny she's feeling. Her mate contently sucks at her tits until he's ready. He turns her around before joining his brethren. It doesn't matter how good she felt, this was a violation.

After they finish, others come and deposit their sperm. Their knees begin buckling from the weight of their own bodies. This goes on until the women can't stand up any longer. They're allowed a lie-down. The men bring straw mats for the women to sleep and feed them. They continue screwing them on the floor. The magical chains disappear eventually.

The French girl removes her gag to call for help. Soon, her arms are bound in real strings and the gag is replaced.

The blonde tells her that she's not going to help by yelling, "Go along with it and we'll be able to do this together. If they like us they'll even take care to dote. They're men, you've felt it right?"

Occasionally, someone comes out of the well and goes upstairs. The servants from that place are no less attractive than the women here in the basement.

They must not be in debt, or they're specially ordered. This is all wrong, the French girl thinks her timing and luck couldn't get worse. This is total nonsense. Everything runs like clockwork, the women in bondage are never given a chance to rest. They are utilized for breeding potential. The cum inside them is replenished much too frequently. The same bucks return more than five times per day.

The men leave them there alone for a few minutes after an argument. The girls agree they should practice manipulating their captors to fall in love. Then they'd have the best experience.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 7: A Journey To Heaven[/size][/u]

The man was like a machine, that's what the new maid thought...

She arrived alone. She's a brunette with large breasts and a thick voluptuous body.

Her friend hasn't arrived yet. That's her other frequent thought.

She was let in the mansion, given a glamorous bunnysuit, and she immediately blended in with the rest of the busty bunnygirls. Her large breasts filled out the uniform well, her valley is held tightly upwards making them bulge and rounded. She cleans the mansion like the rest of the staff and carries some things she's handed. She's currently holding a basket with laundry. She hears a nice sound, a woman's sigh, and has to look inside the room it came from.

That man is a machine. He's having sex with two maids not too different from her wearing her suit. The nature of the work she's now involved with is this. She never dreamed he would be so libidious at his age. She hears him cum like he really enjoys it. 

She can't see much. White hair... it has to be. Some of the girls have wigs. It's been only one day and she's already been able to nearly witness something amazing.

She puts the basket down. There's a rush of excitement in her chest. She could go in there, right now. She hides behind the door to recover her senses.

A woman inside is making noise again, she looks back in. They're definitely fucking. Again. Her pussy quivers with anticipation, her stomach is feeling empty, fluttery. What instigated this? Isn't this the trophy room? They could be drunk. Those could be glasses and wine. There's a flash of red light, then green, then blue. The woman moans almost impossibly long. There's a sizzling noise, then a chime like a bell, and there's a loud smack, she hears a distinctly male orgasm. The woman yells for just a moment. Someone comes towards the door.

She moves away. She hears the woman breathing harshly. Back behind the door slightly panicked the new girl feels her chest, the thump behind it brought to her attention. The woman leaving has sperm on her face, she's licking her lips. There's a trail from her face down to her cleavage. Her hands are busy with her top. There's cum under her clothes and all over her back.

She's had enough, huh, she's had quite a lot, he must have saved up. This can't be... The unmistakable sound of smacking hips resumes. He's a machine. She's also worked up the courage to leave a good impression. This will be easy.

She walks in forgetting the basket. Clothes are strewn around inside. She sees a serving tray with wine on the table. I knew it. She picks it up looking for an excuse for barging in. The two are screwing on the couch. She's beautiful. He's holding her hair back. The position doesn't look very comfortable. Sex like this doesn't last for very long it's not like she's seen sex like this often, she's rationalized. He's penetrated her vaginally.

Her hands are on the arm of the couch. Her knees are as high up to her chest she can possibly have them. She's practically shoving her ass towards him. Her mound is well lubricated and jutting out to take him. She makes pained moans and she's baring her teeth as he pushes deep into her from that position.

She looks like she's giving him all she can and she leans forward more until her face is down. She can see the bottom of the woman from this angle and the point of penetration. She's getting horny watching it. She starts to leave, she feels like she'll embarrass herself if she attempts to match this aggressive woman.

"Don't leave. I haven't fertilized you yet." That's the master's voice. He's talking to her?

"Mi'lord?" she says fluttery quivering shaking empty stomach. Could she get a drink?...

...He's mumbling something and the woman he's screwing reacted. He lets go of her hair and gropes her tits while he. "Haa." He sighs while cumming. "Don't leave," he says, "I'll have you now," clearly talking to the new girl. Like that, he's propositioned her like he was asking the time of day.

He lets the woman go. She puts her head back down and keeps her body tight. She bawls as his cock slides out, and a fresh load of semen with it. Her ass raises up, high enough the pooling cum trails up her back. He wasn't even done ejaculating before he took it out? He stands nude and hairy in front of the daunted new arrival.

She noticed a pretty big detail that was missing from the recruitment. His dick is big. So damn huge. And some other things about it looks cruelly fashioned to break her. Are the women alright? The maid rests on the couch as his seed drips out. His stuff is in her hair and on her face. Is that going to be me?

"Or would you like to have a drink first?" he offers.

They sit for a while getting cozy until he makes a move. Touching her shoulder, knees, her neck. She puts a hand on his dick. "Squeeze it, I'll know how good a lover you are." There are thick knobs and she can feel them bump into her hand and she has to let go and grab again before she reaches the top because the foreskin's only so stretchy. It's only been a few minutes. He says something to himself, there's a dark aura around him, then he stands up. "On your knees and suck." She does as commanded and the feeling of tingling on her lips makes her feel good. She likes it. She thinks it tastes good. She must be drunk.

He resists the urge to screw her mouth like a pussy. The women love this part. He grabs the back of her hair and pulls her away shooting cum on her face. He lets her know what's going on, "You'll enjoy the smell in time. Keep sucking." Yeah she does, he was right!

After a few minutes, he grabs her breast and her clothing easily allows them to squish between his hands. He pulls down her top and lifts her to standing. He enjoys her tits thoroughly, squeezing them to see how milking them feels. His cock is between her legs and grinds her thighs effortlessly making her ticklish and itchy. He must have been happy with it all his cock never got soft. He has them progress to heavier petting. "Bend over. While I milk you like this, this is yours to milk." He helps her lean forward and presses her head between his tits. From here her cleavage allows him to press his cock between her tits while her chin's pressed firmly into his chest. The maneuver is not very common. It takes a woman of tremendous asset. She tries to jerk him off like this and his hands go under squeezing her breasts again. His dick's so long it's going inside her suit.

She thinks this must be how he 'decorated' that woman she saw.

His cumshot goes inside her suit confirming her suspicion and as he pulls away it's all over her, between her tits. And another blast covers one of her tits with white geletin almost a sugary stuff. "Suck." She gets on her knees and does, again. What else can he do with this amazing thing being offered? He shows her.

He rips a hole exposing her while she's bent over on the couch. The other woman there in her face is making quite a display of devout servility. Letting them stare at her fertilized nethers. She doesn't move from the spot but provides some sensual movement.

With his new mate, he slides his dick almost all the way as deep as she can possibly take it in, then he holds back momentarily listening to her breathing. There's just a second she feels something digging in as he pulls back making her break her silence.

It's too fast and rough! She can't help thinking. She makes to cry but he stopped. She's staring at the woman he already screwed. She looks like she's still waiting for him to return and he's moved on. He's going to do that to me. He's going to make me nothing but a fucking sex slave. He sticks it back in slamming to the entrance of her womb. I'm a fucking sex slave!! She wants to say it but the words can't come out. His dick understands what her pussy says though.

He rests his eyes on the fake tail and her anus, her ripped stockings cover her bottom still. He gropes her tits. Her whole body is twitching, her mouth open, the power in his cock has made her immensely climactic. Her body would heal on command. The corruptive energies would take their toll as well as providing for her.

He answers her newly unwavering devotion to his cock. "You'll enjoy this part. Everyone reacts a little different," he says, hen he says something else. Green trails of energy pulse into her and the woman resting there. Again. He does it one more time. At this point she heaves like she's climaxing. Her body needed it as greedily as any hungry predator, she has pangs of sexual lust, the body has its needs. "You need this now," he confirms her thoughts. She nods, she shakes her back on him grinding against him, her pussy juices flowing easily.

The words she couldn't say a moment ago flow, "Yes. Yes. Amazing. Screw me like your whore. I'll be your slave. Just give it to me." She sticks her tongue out and drools.

He pushes, undeniably now, he fucks, she'll even mistake some pain for pleasure. He slaps her ass and listens to her nonsensical bedroom talk. He pulls back farther and rams in, not quite breaking her, he's almost gone and done it. He could have felt guilty, but his dick says it's right. She shouts in pleasure. Meaningless encouragement, he was going to do it anyways. Continuing, he enchants his dick with that essence that makes pink flesh quiver. She immediately wails, a screaming orgasm, his fluids leak out and hers as well, into his crotch, her insides twist and spasm.

She's not really able to speak without flexing her abs and stuttering but she tries, "Oh... yes...!" It's like she was unable to bring herself to a single rational thought. Her cunt sucks him in unintentionally while contracting repeatedly. She felt him playing with her anus, she's never... what the fuck? Why not. She's drooling and crying from the overwhelming jazz and jive through her rectum and the gratitude she felt for being there. She can't open her eyes or deny a thing.

He grinds his fingers into her ass. He grabs the back of her hair. He casts red tendrils to wrap around her tits and her arms. Having doggystyle sex with her like this, he can guide her through the rest of the intercourse to train her to becoming his perfect lovedoll.

Something presses into the entrance of her ass, the man is pushing the edge of a thick phallic object in carefully, it's in. It slips in and out separate to his movements. "No way!" Her sphincter stretches open quickly to let it pass unexpectedly, in her suggestive state. "What's this?" she cries. She makes a mumbling joyful mewl.

He plays with her lower half seeing how it jiggles. She'll keep enduring it but a little instruction about how to enjoy anal sex goes a long way. He tells her, "Do what comes natural. It's like using the pot. Push like you're using it now." He lets the tentacles abuse her tits, face, and anal while listening to the delightful noise she makes. He rests his right hand on the woman he already filled. He believes he could squeeze their bodies together under the debilitating level of lust he's given them and they'd want to use each other like lesbians. He's pretty sure that's something he'd like to see happen.

He arranges his mate face to ass closely and pushes her into the cum-laden whore in front of her until her tongue is in. He sees her nose grind in and lets up. He forces her knees up and she's in that same lewd posture as the woman was before her. Her mouth does very little deliberately. The tentacle slips deep in her ass during intercourse and exits her mouth grinding the other woman. The grip of vine-like tendrils around her tits strengthens. His fingers rub her nipples sending a shocking sensation through her. This is her life now, her wish to be used like this consumes her, he should consume her. She cries loudly as the guy's thing in her pistons in and out, more filling her.

The tentacle out her mouth flails around like it's also lost control, it was going to ejaculate. Other maids have been peeking in the door, he'll provide them proper entertainment in due time.

He's almost done. He slows down and the tentacle recedes and vanishes. Her raw sexual aggression is sent back to his penis, she's trying to squeeze it, and this pains her more. He allows her to climax again. After impregnating her with absolute certainty he holds her head down and pulls out while she whines in pain until the tip is at the exit. Two bare-assed maids with multi-colored blue-green cum in them, their heads down and arms up lie on the couch asleep. He claps her asscheeks, then he pumps his load all over her ass and her back making a mess of her cute outfit. The shiny cum strewn about would catch eyes until she made it to the maids' changing room.

He puts his clothes back on and heals the maid with strength and vitality.

"You'll come again, tonight," he reassures her. "There's no resisting that."

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 8: Bedtime[/size][/u]

He lies in bed that night. The newly broken-in maid enters, first on call. She's still wet, full of his sperm, full of lust and in love. She took what he said to heart. She'll enjoy a night of love with him, any night he'd have her, he'll do that to her.

She's wearing a fur jacket, bondage ropes, a collar, a chain-link leash, she's oiled for the sex-play, her hair's been done up in curls.

She proclaimed 'she'll go all night,' he's heard, according to the maids who've spoken of her. 'She can't wait for this.' She'll be pregnant in a fortnight after their first session, this is the honeymoon, he treats all the new maids like this.

He gives her some energy. Red makes them play. Like this she's not a maid so much as she was a sexy doll with her body done into the most erotic impressionable state.

All the women he's used his magic on fall madly in love with him. They never forget. He's done this so many times now. This is the only secret. He can't let it get out, and it's invigorating. What he learned from the tome is true power.

He decides to tell her about his journal. He's been taking notes on the different creatures he's encountered. He's drawn pictures. He's investigated. 

He talls her, "I call the ones with tails halflings, as in half-human half something. Although it's shameful I have sired a mere hundred halfling children. My second wife is the mother. She fends the mansion from a female invasion of tribes in her own way or I'd have a hundred wives of mixed lineage.

"She enjoys the most aggressive intercourse. I only use her ass while she's pregnant for the safety of the child. When you begin to show I'll do the same for you, of course. You should talk to her, she'll help you get used to life here.

"The halflings, ah... they have the most voracious intercourse desires. Here's a story I've told many... who would listen.

"In the sewers, bring a leash and collar," he fingers her leash, "one will gladly be chained to a fence. The usual ne'er do wells are attracted when I make noise.

"When they take advantage of the halfling she ends on a high note, frightened of being left alone she begs for them to stay with her. I've watched, and sometimes nobody comes to help. In that case, I return to free her. She renews her words of senseless devotion.

"When my wife is waiting for her next pregnancy, I put a collar on her and tell her the horrible things I've done to women exactly like her.

"There are others, so many different kinds. Some even pass for real women if they can, just to return to me for the barest chance of meeting.

"After confessing she will demand to be fated even so, she'll beg me until I hurt her because she's so jealous. Her excruciating need is not easily quenched. So I must."

He takes a moment to see if he's talking to anyone still. The woman he's talking to is deep in lust from the spell he cast on her. Does she know she's changed? When he first saw her with her quaking body in fear and excitement, after he came in another woman, she could barely stand before him. Now she's fingering herself. Her enjoyment of this bedtime story grows beyond reason. He's forcing her to the edge by suggestion. So he must push her deeper, it's the right thing to do, "With a collar on you, you behave like an animal." A little rough fun? Maybe, when he's done.

She thinks he's full of shit, she's never seen these halflings, her ass is so sensitive from the toys he used earlier. The foreplay though. He's telling her what he wants, she's certain.

He continues describing his conquest of the supernatural, "Amazons, the champion's blood. Those that descended the tribe of beastial worship. Or maybe I should call them ex-beast worships. I'm not certain what values they hold anymore after aligning with Zeth.

"Pink, she's known as the champion. Any other names? Dread Witch, who knows what else? The records I've come across tell a long history.

"The Amazons and the like, they never cease for rest. Though their bodies are sexual, all or nothing, a powerful crisis will deplete their humors. Pink's kin comes in different sizes." Like his cock. "My mast is unbreakable. The warriors, they send for me every day, they try to infiltrate from the underground city. I have to screw through a dozen unexpected visitors every day. Should they try to corrupt my stock of bunnies.

"Some infiltrate the service I spent efforts procuring. They so badly want a foothold. Of course, men would never pass, nor the giants. The cockdames have, when they were able. The few who can sneak in are trivial." He leans close. "I care for you very much. This is why I must impregnate you. Before any other can. After women become like a sexual instrument tuned to their master it is their breaking point."

She wonders, she could end up getting screwed by maids that infiltrate the mansion? How's much of his story is any different from how he used her? She puts a hand on his penis. These stories are a deliberate provocation, she's sure. How funny, she can't help smile a little. When his penis is not hard it falls to one side like a leather belt going around his waist. It twitches and stands up from her touching. His mast is unbreakable. She asks, "Are you ready m'lord?" He brushes her hand away and it calms down. It wants to say something to her. Little bitch I'll fuck. Let's fuck. Although his dick can't really talk, that's another story.

He continues, "There are citizens that manage the deep, in the city I mentioned.

"Elves are what I call the human-looking ones. Elves and nymphs are not uncommon. The features they have are remarkably similar, it's the eyes and their smooth skin, but there's a difference. Normally, elves look human, and they walk on two feet building leg muscle, and they sleep on solid surfaces. They can do more than a nymph manually could, I'm pretty sure. Nymphs float, they remain in an ectomorphic appearance, translucent."

He takes out a sketchbook from beside the bed. There are other paraphernalia for flogging and bondage in his drawer. He left it open. He shows her his sketches of the various fantastic characters he's drawn.

She looks over at his wife clearly seeing a resemblance to the nymphs... His mind clouds slightly before arguing irrationally, "My wife is different. She's almost a transcendent being. She's a goddess. She sleeps on a bed instead of floating." Why can't he get his first wife pregnant?

His wife stirs and puts a hand on him. Did she ever really sleep?

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 9: Three-Ways into a Woman's Heart[/size][/u]

"Right now? You want to try?" She puts her arms around him and rubs her face against his. Kissing. She begins sucking on his face. "You're not usually awake this time of night." He looks to the woman wearing fur on his left. The lingerie is often extravagant. She's wearing ropes, he's not sure what the costumer's thinking but it accents her physique all too well. "My wife deserves the best. Stiffen my iron and I'll heat the forge." She gladly works up the boner she's been waiting for.

His goddess doesn't hesitate to join. He has two women sucking on him, fully erect. He holds the chain on the doll while she eagerly gives him head. He pulls her letting his wife try harder. They play with him until he's relaxed and says, "You can have the honor of watching her. You'll do your best to learn." The nymph gets on and rides reverse-cowgirl. He squeezes her hips and her juicy bottom. When he finishes, he takes a leash out of the desk. "Let me do it with this. This time."

His wife takes the leash and he puts the collar on her. "Sit in front of her." The two women face-to-face wearing collars. She uses his wife's goddess ass, it's so easy for her to take him. She speeds up and the collar snaps tight against her throat repeatedly. She almost stands up when her legs kick.

The woman there for the night can see his cock has gone straight up past her stomach. "Is she hurt?" she says that. The woman in question puts a bright smile on while looking at her. She then screams orgasmically, not too loud, but she does it right in the doll's face. He spanks her and cums.

He stands up and says, "I think you should kiss after having shared a man's cock. Don't you?"

They tentatively put their lips together while he's watching. Then from his standing position he says, "It's fun if you put it in slowly," placing it between them again.

She can swallow his penis to the base. Somehow, the woman in fur knew the nympho was going to do it without effort. It's like there's nothing stopping his dick from going straight through. She's also there, ready for it.

He holds their leashes tight. "Let me do it." He says. He plays it over her lips. She's sticking them out, she's opening and leaning like she can't help it. This is the most real thing about her. She absolutely wants to drink his cum, and he's making her wait.

"Don't make her beg," The doll became emotional.

The woman gets the tip of his cock in her puckered lips. She shivers. "Just like this," he tells her. "You're going to experience this." She moves her head left and right like it's difficult to force his cock in, but there's no effort. She sticks out her tongue and sucks hard enough her cheeks suck in. The doll's throat sorely swallows.

She swallows sorely at the thought of it. The woman's going to do something impossible, she can feel it. The nymph on a leash leans forward and his cock slips in, down to the base. Her lips tightly press into his pelvis. She sticks her tongue out and licks his ballsack. She looks up at him, whatever she was doing it works. Her saliva drips down off his ballsack and he's cumming for her.

"There. Try doing that," said a man stern of voice. His dispassionate eyes trail over the doll in lingerie he was about to 'do that' to. The woman is horrified by the thought of doing exactly what she saw.

My throat isn't, she tries to rationalize. I'm not built that way. I can't.

He absolutely enjoys the look of panic on her face. He tells her, "You did something like that when we first met, remember?" He puts the tip of his cock between her lips and she doesn't fight. He stops, teasing her like this is fun but there are two women here.

The two women on leashes end up on her side of the bed.

He's not sure which one made the first move. His wife is under the other big-breasted woman holding her chain. Their tits are both quite big. Like this, their nipples touch and swell as the red tips feel the tickle. The translucent ones underneath yield like pink soapy bubbles. They kiss. They grind their stomachs together, even touching clits.

His wife tugs him over and they enter a three-way kiss. He rubs his penis into the nymph's side and she makes a relaxed noise. The head of his penis is in her fold. This is almost the ménage à trois he envisioned.

The nymph's tits are repeatedly making snapping noises as they contact the other woman's nips. Static electricity, he thinks. The shock is repeating and giggling mounts until the doll holds her own tits to stop them brushing together.

She gets her hand around the doll's leash. She casts a spell. Unmistakably one he used earlier. Tentacles move under the coat of the woman above. She's held down onto the soft, slim, angelic one below. Her body's twitching. Her coat slips off slightly. He can't see it. The doll has a sudden frantic look and she's panicking. The bottom forcefully tongue-kisses putting her arms around. Their clits together, she pushes up, her pussy is doing more nasty things to the woman. The doll is emotionally shocked. Then again by the constant stimulation, her body's moving on its own like she's a writhing worm.

The tentacles under her fur coat spread the woman's ass cheeks open and feel for her clit. The anticipated intercourse fills her thoughts.

His dick urges him to move while he watches. The goddess below is going to screw her hard, he can't help picture it. No. She can't. They're going to screw her together.

The fur coat is lifted off, removed, revealing the signature fake bunny tail, erotic lingerie covering nothing, and bondage on his new maid. Her arms are being held behind her. So, that's why she was afraid. He can't look at that and ignore it. He gets up behind her and feels her hair, black and curly. He pulls her leash taking it from his wife. Her head goes up, she's connected to his wife there, their tongues part with a long trail of saliva.

The nymph's hand takes her own chain close to her neck. She holds it out slipping her hand down the length. She's holding out her leash to her husband. He takes them. He pushes into the doll's anus and fucks the tentacle-bound sex slave. It must hurt. She talks obscene nonsense in a whine repeatedly trying to whine in a high pitch, she begs sweet nothings, his ears tickle so he decides to pet her.

His wife keeps putting things inside this girl. The two women kiss again, then another tentacle appears from behind his wife and goes into the wet mouth she was enjoying. He's never seen his wife go all out like this. His hand's on her head caressing her. He shoots a load in and goes a second round with magic applied for virility. He tugs at the leash snapping it and the woman's ass slaps into him repeatedly as he watches. He feels her twitching and spanks her. His night service maid is enjoying his wife. The goddess sucks on the milky woman's teat. Tentacles slither along her skin, tickling and sucking at her, pulling her into their summoner harder. She's given her body up from exhaustion. She can only utter a lower note. He pulls out and her pitch raises some more.

He lies on his side. He sees her pussy fucked and the rushes of pleasure each time she climaxes. More tentacles appear, her stomach is filled again, through her ass. She passes out from the pleasure of his wife. She's able to control her energy and wakes the woman to continue. It looks like their tits are glued together.

Eventually, the next maid enters gracefully smiling. She gets on him in bed. He can sleep while his wife continues playing with her own bunnygirl like a giant stuffed toy, tied together, still touching privately. If he could stay awake to watch he would but his sleep habit's winning even with three orgasmic women. One wrapped around him now while he was thinking. His mate pulls the blanket on her.

The nymph cuddles the girl aggressively after the rigor of her sex ended. Two women wearing dog chains together. The maid has to admit she's slowly falling in love. 'There's no resisting that.'

In the morning the doll was still on his busy cuddly wife. The fur coat still draped over them. His wife removed her own collar, and the chain's around the woman's neck. Both their arms appear to be behind the doll's back, so she's still bound.

The woman bound on top is making noise, but she might be asleep. Her body is practically interlinked with the nymph's sucking orifices at that moment. Her tits, her clit, and her stomach, all nestled into a depression of white-bleached pink skin.

The morning-service maid is trying to move slowly not to disturb anyone. "Get up. It's time. Clean it," he says. She does. Then they visit the pot before he's off to breakfast. He'll figure out what his goddess wants when he's fully awake.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 10: Relaxing Bondage[/size][/u]

This has been an interesting month. My wife is enjoying her first toy every night. Occasionally a maid comes to sponge-bathe them, being careful not to get caught up in their passionate way of playing. I do not want to interfere with the mating ritual because everything I can do for the sake of impregnating my wife has been done. Perhaps this will provide insight into how nymphs breed.

Surprisingly, the woman doesn't need to eat anymore, there are now connections inserted into her, tubes. Anally, orally, and maybe even elsewhere, they're filling her stomach, keeping her nourished while my wife only need drink from my loins on occasion. My wife produces her own prehensile protrusions, easily, without magic, and expedites her female companion's arousal.

As for my latest breeding program, I visit the maids in the dungeon regularly. Their pregnancies are proceeding on schedule. The men partake oral as well as feeding them. They have to remove gags and bondage and replace them regularly.

I've seen feuds among the halflings. In this case, my own children and their friends. They fight for almost no reason and they compete. Even during intercourse they wish for gratification, to use the women more, they try to cum the most. Are they capable of cooperating? I'll see the results soon enough.

The maids I fertilize are often at rest and I must acquire new staff on a regular basis. Although I find myself caught frequently indulging in my own recreational play. Anal, tits, oral, handjobs, I am sure to give them a procreation dosage that will grow the fetus carefully. I only wish my children would follow my example.

I find myself stepping outside the mansion less often. The townsfolk do not believe me. They continue to send their unwanted women of age for employment, so they're a small lifeline, in any case. Their best chances are with us. Too many women still die during childbirth if I'm unable to cast the healing spell. I keep the magic within these walls jealously guarded. 

I've begun to allow the staff to take over our affairs. The milk sales are adequate for our needs.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 11: Get Out[/size][/u]

Another time. Same basement.

The white-haired girl's being forced to oral. The dick's smooth and pink. Her braid is being held, her hair and face is oily because it's the only way they clean her.

Sucking dick. She actually likes this. Her instinct tells her she should try something to get away, but the iron grip the man has suggested she will fail. She expresses as much pleasure on her face she can to get this guy on her side. He's talkative, "Yes? Yes?! Do you love it? Do you love the cock?" He fills her mouth and she swallows as much as she can, her stomach hurts from hunger despite the regular food they deliver. It's basically, for someone shorter. "Try this one, Sam, she's amazing. She loves it, we need to come back here on our next break." Sam, or whomever, gets treated to her lip service. The sound of multiple women sucking cock resonates. "How about we switch." They put her gag in, and the other women have gags placed in their mouths. The men take them like dogs until they're satisfied. Others come in. Like clockwork. Their asses are red from getting spanked so much. One girl gets louder, a rough customer paying her a visit, perhaps he's hurting her asshole deliberately.

The blonde in white lingerie is brought over to the well and voices come up from below, "Throw her in we'll catch. Hehe." Her hair's very disheveled. Her head is held over to let her see down. Her greasy behind easily penetrated wherever he puts it. He pulls out and smacks his hand into her pussy or anus and sticks it in either. The guy screwing her is enjoying playing with her like that, like he's not even trying to get her pregnant. Soon he spills cum and lets her rest on her knees, gag removed, she's cleaning his cock off.

Another rat comes and repeats the act. Her grunts from the thrust echo in the well. Her body is being pushed hard enough her feet jump. "I'll cum," she says, trying to make her mate more excited before she'll wear down. "I'm going to." This way and that, he moves her bottom. He picks up her legs and does her with her feet in the air. This scares her she feels like she'll fall in if she doesn't use her legs to fall back but —"Ah! Uh! Stop. Wait. Uh!" All she can do is make with the nice and plea for some sense.

The frailest-looking girl offers no personality. The rats repeatedly cum in her tightly gripping twat and swap with the next. She occasionally shakes from a climax. She'd pass for one of their females, her body resembles the thin figure of some of the males, with a wide bottom. Some who comment on it even say she looks like a rat that escaped the sewer. They often begin thrusting with extra gusto to see how similar she is to a slight disappointment she won't get extra jilled about it. She was wearing something but it got torn off long ago and now her naked greased-up body is a ratboy funhouse and a fascination for the women who get a chance to look at her.

The master comes down into the basement regularly to see them. See his cattle getting bred. They're animals to him. Even she can tell.

These nasty people. To them it's a club, they're getting as much pleasure as they can, like horny boys. They bring toys. They want to become more intimate. They're stupid, make them believe. That's it. There's no better time to act than now.

"Mmamnmph," the white-haired girl says. The guy screwing her leans back and helps himself while she attempts to start a conversation. "Mmmmh!" He came.

"Hoh. Did you say something?" he asked. She'll have to wait until her gag's out again.

The large-busted girl in a reverse-bunnysuit with long sleeve gloves is bouncing around. She's exchanged with the next who prefers to do her from behind and her head moves each thrust. While she's having sex another grabs her tits and pinch her big soft areolae. Another holds her arm behind her back and covers her face with his hand.

They remove the gags from all the women and the white-haired girl restrains herself from shouting. She implores them, "Help us get out. You don't have to leave us here for the others. Wouldn't you prefer, you know, to own us? Not rent us?" They seemed to agree because the next thing she knew she was being lowered in bondage down the well. The men were so easy to control. She should have tried sooner.

"Oh no, what is going to happen? I don't want to go," someone else, one of the girls is complaining. What could be worse than this?

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 12: Deepdogdick in Love[/size][/u]

The platinum-haired girl is carried down the ladder, slung over one man's shoulder. She sees a great city appear to fall in view as she watches the sewers fall away. She's tied and gagged despite the illusion of freedom because she's known to be so annoying none of them risk having to listen to her.

She's freed from any restraints, pampered, and fed by the halflings for an hour. After, she falls asleep. She wakes up led around more.

She ends up in a teleportation chamber. She has no idea where she is already, and now she's sent through to another strange place through arcane means.

They bring her to a bath and dress her allowing her to rest more. She's dressed in luxury. Soft robes, her hair's combed and redone. They apply scented oils. They put a collar on her with a very long chain and replace the robes with loose fabric.

They bring her to somewhat of a familiar scene, a throne in a large room with pillars and huge arching doorways. Except the throne is huge with a giant over eight feet tall seated in it.

The ones who brought her over leave.

In her mind, she's screwed. It is unquestionable. "I really fucked this up," she says.

She spends the day in the giant's lap. He enjoys petting her. It's quite clear he's attracted to her. He has a massive cock and occasionally she feels it move. Maybe this is not so bad. Another woman wearing a collar is brought in.

The two are left on the floor facing each other. There's sand that's been combed into spiralling ring patterns on the floor directly in front of the throne.

The French girl's leash is unhooked.

For whatever reason, the newly introduced woman humps her like a dog. She tries to get away and her opponent easily overpowers her. The giant heartily laughs and thunks the armrest. The woman gets bored and she stands up raising her arms. Walking away, her butt swerves, she has a tail like a squirrel.

It's somewhat well-kempt compared to what she sees later.

The place resembles a zen garden more than a fighting ring so she wasn't expecting that.

They do this with three more women, tails and ears, dog, armadillo, rabbit. All very glamorous and arbitrated like a pin and win wrestling match.

Then, one comes wearing armor showing lots of skin. Glamorous style, gloved hands, very nice to look at. The probability she'll beat this one after getting taken to town by three others in the same day is not a question.

What is this? The French girl thinks. The woman can't possibly lose. She has no chance, look at her fucking muscles, she decides, she gives up. She waves her arms at the giant. "I quit," she announces. "I don't want to do this. Let me rest on your giant cock. I'm tired."

With her guard down, the Amazon's target is her pussy. A hard fingering by a glove brings her to climax. She's fallen down. The warrior puts her weight and thrusts the pointed crotch into the ass of her opponent.

"Fuck!" Says the French girl.

"More of that," the warrior sounds pleased in telling her.

She removes her gauntlets. She turns the girl over forcing her hard point into her clit. "I'm going to. Aaaah!" squeals the pet. Effective. She keeps watering and restless under her opponent. The warrior removes her pointed crotch guard revealing a cock for real.

"You've got..." pussy-face, she didn't have a chance.

She holds up the pet's legs, with her ass in view she leans her weight over inserting her cock into wet pussy. She hugs the woman's legs while smacking it in. This elicits a salacious noise out of her opponent's mouth and nethers in competing volumes. She fucks hard. A nonstop force from the rippling muscles of the warrior. She pulls out shooting her jizz on the front of her mate until it peters out. She puts it back in with a satisfied grunt.

The giant stands up. He's sporting a stiff bulge. He pulls her off, he's twice her size and quite strong looking too, there's no contest. The pet catches her breath. There's cum splattered across her front and melting inside her.

The leash is replaced and the giant pulls at her. He jerks off. She knows by now she can expect more, she opens her mouth for oral sex. When she does he shoots his load of cum on her face covering the upper half of her body and not just a little, it's enough it weighs her naked front down. She falls forward to her hands and waits for it to slide off.

Her leash is fastened to the throne. She has a futon mattress to sleep on. There are plenty of things there to keep her comforted if she'd like a blanket or a change of clothes.

After seeing his dick, she's not sure. I think it's too big for sex. How's he going to fuck me?

They bring food the next morning. The giant returns to the throne. During the night someone came in and combed the sand back into condition.

She's brought out into the zen garden. The place has been set back up for a rematch perhaps. She thinks the dog was the easiest opponent.

A man seething with power enters. He's big, not giant, just... big. He's oiled and he has some oddly shaped clothes. She thinks out loud, "My pussy's not getting any rest today either is it?" He mates her like it's a brawl. She's under the impression he's trying to hurt her, and she's right. Her arm's twisted and she ends flat on her face. "I can't. I give. Do whatever you want." Screaming each word and she followed this by a lot of swearing and thrashing in pain.

He takes off his pants his dick is dripping glowing cum. He puts it all in. She only screams for a moment and her throat catches. Her last line of defense is to cry silently.

He lightly bites her ear and whispers, that she could "she could have this" if she only begs for it. "Beg for it." She felt like she had to spit and gag just from the pressure of his cock the intensity is too high. Something's repeatedly pumping within. It's like a second heart is forcing the blood through her legs. Her stomach is shoving back and forth. Then her ass and pussy are leaping out as they cum without her. She's generally screwed and now parts of her body are having small orgasms on their own. She howls when the sensation travels up her spine to her neck. Her eyes roll up. He doesn't stop until the woman under him passes out foaming at the mouth. There's no telling how much she felt and how much was lost but she wasn't able to beg anymore, she became a sex doll, so he left her there.

The handlers for her converse.

"She can't handle that?"

"No more enchantments. It makes her cum too hard. We can try less intelligent creatures."

"How's she going to fuck the giant?"

They debate the kinds of monsters she should breed with and only rule out enchanted cocks.

After she wakes up from her fainting spell, bliss radiated over her, she felt light and empty-headed. They continued to feed her and bring new clothes but...

She's made to fight again. They present a woman with odd mannerism who traps her in a barrier and toys with her there for a while. The forcefield wears her down incredibly fast. And she's happy just to be released. The girl's smaller than her, and her skin's red, she thinks she'd be able to beat her if she wasn't already puffing air and can barely move let alone fight.

Later she'll learn a woman like this is called an elf overhearing halflings talk. They are far too weak to fight fair.

She'll learn soon enough they have so voracious sexual appetites, losing to one is, well you'll see.

When the pet's exhausted from her mischief they go ass to ass with nothing between them. The elf fondles her own tits until she finally cums. She is able to press her anus into the French girl so hard she partially inserts it, the sensation is kind of crazy and they spread apart sticky like two glazed donuts leaning together on a summer afternoon, finally being pulled apart. This effect amplifies when she secretes lubricant all over her back and the ass to ass continues. Wet splattering noise and girlcum flies about. She angles her body underneath and manages to smack her clit deep enough repeatedly it forces her partner to cum.

The giant gets up from the throne and talks with the handlers. They come out and tell the nymph she'll be joining his pet for now.

The two pleasure him. The pet gets a little zap from the elf so she'll follow through. They do these things until his cum is all over them.

The maid in chains is allowed to go to her futon and rest.

It's so damn exhausting, she can barely believe what's happening. Trot. Trot. Klunk. "What the? Who's there?" she asks. It's the elf. She's there waiting.

Someone brought over a bucket with a sponge and she sponges the exhausted woman and herself. "This is so nice." The elf crawls behind her. It's still the middle of the day and the giant's watching. "What are we doing? Um. Are we sleeping together? That's really nice sounding." The answer is yes.

Things got a little heated between them on her futon and the guy watching gets a little turned on. At this point she notices there aren't any observers. He takes her by the leash to the zen garden and they kneel down presenting their butts for him he's good and hard and fits inside the elven pussy.

"Oh fuck you're," not going to do that to me, she wanted to say. "Shit. You can do it." He can lift her up onto the elf and put his cock between her legs. She's relieved. He puts it back in the elf's pussy. He pulls out and cums on their privates like a firehose it knocks the girl on top off. "This is going to be a normal thing, I hope."

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 13: Loose Sluts[/size][/u]

He's so annoyed. The master of the house will have to do something soon.

I'm not recording this failure. It's an embarrassment, and not a minor one. The breeding program went off-course when some less than trustworthy bucks stole the women and sold them into total slavery in the city. This was a problem. They were supposed to give him more humanoid halflings. Eventually, those children will give birth, and those children were his grandchildren. He put resources and intel into discovering.

His associates come to report each one. They come to report and answer questions like: How are they doing? What is their child-bearing status? What kind of changes have they underwent?

His informant lets him know, "There's a rumor that a fully human brunette has been sent to a caster who enjoys building magic artifacts. Very large magic artifacts.

"There's no way to get any closer to be certain. He's quite powerful.

"One of our spies inside tells the energies he casts are useless if she were champion's blood. Worse. She'll be incapable of progressing to motherhood. She's only surviving off energy. No sex. No food. No baby."

"I've heard enough," the uncle says. "We must retrieve her and get her back on track."

"Sire?" the informant tries to stall while thinking of a good plan or this could be the end for them all. Despite his age, his boon as a chosen one is above their pay grade. They can't risk the hunter's wrath.

"I can't accept that she'd give up motherhood so easily," the master continues. "She must return. I'll go if I have to."

"Understood, we'll negotiate her return immediately. Sending an assalt as decoy while stealing her back covertly in backroom deals at the same time. There's no need to unleash His wrath on us."

The nymphish informant keeps a poker face while lowering his posture surreptitiously. Ending his unsolicited advice. This won't matter for long, he tells himself. This pillar of a man will soon fall to Zeth and tip the balance back in favor. If the resources will placate someone such as this, there's no better answer.

"Tell me, what else have you found?" ushers the hunter.

"There's a sighting of a blonde woman imbued with blood power, she's carrying restorative devices and dangerous weapons. By all acccounts it's true.

"She escaped an underground colosseum single-handedly and fights on the street like a maniac. She may not be hard to track down, but none of us can handle her long or overpower her.

"I'm dishonored to tell you. We're weaklings. So if you wish to retrieve her—"

"It's a pity she doesn't try harder to return home," quoth the hunter.
 
"Good news, sire. She's showing. At least three months pregnant."

"She must have a good reason to want to stay out. Like a rabbit, hungry for grass, she'll return," quoth the hunter. "We have the freshest greenery out here on the surface. Tell me of my other does. You have more info, correct?"

"A girl whose body is slim and barely speaks is pregnant, looking for refuge. She must be very resourceful to have gone on so long sire. She may have found help. There are nothing but rumors."

"She is most definitely pregnant," the master asserts, "but unlike a halfling, a human zygote takes nine months. She can't go unnoticed for that long."

But... no don't bother.

"If you locate her," the master continues, "tell me the progress. Should she elude detection she most certainly will become pregnant again from the tribe that harbors her. I want to know what kind of halfling she'll birth.

"Keep track of which mates she prefers, it may be key in determining which halflings are more attractive. We can make a program more her taste. I've got bitches of all kinds in the sewer.

"What other news have you?"

Wearing a mask of serenity the informant thinks, you screw our women and the most recognition you've given them in all the time I've known you is that they're bitches. Shit. He asked a question, just tell him.

"Yes m'lord," says the nymphish halfling.

"A full human woman with white hair and a signature wailing is subject of amusement for a great many cruel hosts." He considers. If the master discovered many of them were nymphs and someone like him, she could be a plaything for a price. He tries. "Anyone could be having sex with her. One of the children confirmed it was her. She's pregnant. She enjoys getting spanked. She has a thing for elves... she'll like your wife." He finishes bowing indicating there's nothing more to offer but advice.

The uncle's relieved. He says, "We should buy her back. The male demons she'll encounter are much too large and aggressive. It's a danger to her growing child."

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 14: Destiny, The Old Uncle's Journal[/size][/u]

Entry 4. I've devised a breeding program. To increase the number of halfling children underground while I ponder, newly recruited maids...

...

Entry 6. Even though my body has transformed, I'm set in my ways. I've kept a record of nearly three-hundred births in the mansion alone. That's how many children the maids and my wife have provided me.

My halfling children are in the thousands already. 

With magic I can keep guaranteeing the health of a birthing doe absolute.

I have over six-hundred fertile does already bred.

In about two-hundred seventy days the first births and I may repeat the process. And as I do we recruit more does.

With my fertile does already bearing fruit at the current rate it will be a year before the natural humans under my fold have reached the thousands.

It's not enough. My children are breeding underground and easily double this rate. Although done out of my protection, there's a chance of necrosis.

6.1. To solve this I've written a potential solution.

I'm currently having sex with five to seven does daily.

Six-hundred divided by six. In a span of a hundred days I naturally breed them all. I could recruit does encompassing the year, two-hundred sixty-five more fully human does will maximize my own potential. That would increase the stock by close to sixteen-hundred.

The mansion supports nearly forty maids in service. This means about thirty-four maids are wasting their time here. I was right to make a breeding program. It wasn't big enough.

Entry 12. Failure. They brought back the doe with black straight hair. Her waist was so thin, the artifacts used on her prevented fetus growth, a shame. She's allowed to breed for a while longer to return to form.

Entry 13. Success. The French doe came back. She's pregnant, how wonderful. A thousand blessings on the world. She's allowed back into the mansion. It's already been several months. Like the rest of the servants impregnated by a halfling, she will bear child very soon. Although we're not sure exactly how soon.

Entry 20. Failure. Two maids eluded us. There's no sign we'll recover them again. The children they bear will be lost to the city's underground hustle.

I'm certain the women will be saved one day. It has to happen before I've found the answers. I'm proceeding with my plan.

Entry 28. Success. With a price.

I've made a miraculous breakthrough. Sacrificing the will of a mortal woman, I can turn her into a neverending sexual body. Her eggs mature faster, she gives birth to a human child this way.

I've heard of creatures far above our mortal pale. A kind that seeks mortals, with a predatory desire to breed. With one of their essence, I'm certain I can make it work. I have to do it.

Entry 137. Success.

We've recovered the remaining lost women. There's nothing stopping the plan. I'm so close.

After experimenting. I'm quite capable of fertilizing more than the six. I could sleep with hundreds per day. That leaves me with no time to think.

I've begun training, and brainwashing, the perfect maidservice is nearing completion. The mansion will run without my delicate touch.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 15: Sorry Not Sorry[/size][/u]

The pet's pregnancy is showing, the giant decides to lower her stress. No more wrestling for his amusement. She's bound to wood during the activities that follow.

They bring in dogs her size. They do her ass and growl next to her ear, their knots make it in easily.

Wolves are brought. Big. Their enormous knots stretch her pussy but their cocks are not so long. They howl deep and growl while fucking, they threaten to bite.

A creature resembling an anaconda is brought that swallows the lower half of her body and its forked tongue plays with her.

These are just a few things that happened.

She's carried from her fixture to her futon and sleeps as usual. The giant doesn't grow tired of her.

Men come and purchase her.

She's returned to the mansion. Before she even knew it. It was over.

She met with the master's second wife who felt her up and agreed to take care of her. A rat tail, she noted. The maid's outfitted a leash and bondage for him. Still a pet, then. Her privates are back on display for entertainment. The white-haired maid is allowed to see the master's wife in his bedroom. Why is she brought here?

A girl's in bed with a maid wearing a fluffy neck collar and fluffy lingerie. She looks like a pregnant doll. "It's her!" the French maid exclaims, her face reveals her anger and she shouts obscenities as her recollection of her friend she missed bacame real.

Her friend has a climax and keeps her mouth open from the seated position she's in. The master puts his hand on her.

You freaking. The French girl wants to yell at him but she holds it in. Her friend is so much more of a horny slut than she imagined.

"That's it. Keep making that face," the man says. He removes his pants. Is he serious? His huge cock rubs against the maid's face into her open mouth. She's forced to suck at it. "Now come closer." He shoves it down her throat with a wet gurgle. "You've gotten better." He pulls out with her in clear discomfort, her spit's all over his shaft now.

He gets off the bed and presses a finger to the French girl's anus. "I see you," he tells her. "There's enough to go around." He makes her kneel and puts his cock in the angry woman's face. "This is your moment." She gives him what he forces out of her. He makes his dick glow with energy she's not familiar with. A green aura. Then he shoves it down her throat and fucks, and he cums, until her expression changes to one of lewd indulgence. "Don't leave. There's nothing better out there than you'll get here with me." She'd happily swallow this thing, she can't believe how badly she needed this.

The reclaimed maid is brought to the bedside to meet her friend face-to-face. The two meet chests touching first, then their faces, and then their pregnant bellies. He rubs his cock against her entrance—

She berates him, "You're going to fuck me and you haven't even lubricated, you fucking asshole, that'll never fit." 

—and pushes it in her butthole. "Yes!" she screams, as expected, the force stops him from putting it in all the way.

"It's just like taking a poop," nonchalantly he advises her like it's not a big deal. For some reason, she starts to want it. His cock goes up her ass while her legs shake. She moves her feet to cross them and uncross them. If she weren't already so perverted, would this be happening? The two friends are forced to kiss.

She got a good look at the woman touching her friend, finally. "Oh god. Mmhpf," she gets out while kissing. His wife is a nymph, she's seen too many nymphs in her life, she thought she'd never see another. There's movement. Her anger could have registered. Was it the eye contact? She's not sure.

The nymph turns around and touches her pussy and ass to the maid's she's been sleeping under. That position. There's a distinct suction and sticky wetness sound. The nymph looks like she's excited and climaxes while smacking into her friend's butt as the two girls kiss. She looks back winking at the French girl. The master cums and slaps her ass. He casts a spell, when blue energy strikes she can't help yelling, and her pussy squirts during the painful intercourse. An anal orgasm, she shakes and feels sick, but it's also amazing. "This isn't possible, there's no way this is really happening," she'll deny it repeatedly until the orgasms stop. "We're going to wake up. And this is all an amazing dream I've had. Will you be able to remember it?"

He's done. He yanks it out and the woman shrieks for a much less enjoyable reason. Her body shakes and her anus needs a moment to shut. He makes a little effort to heal her. Then he gives her a date, "Two days. I'll let you cum like that again. Then you won't be able to stop thinking about it." She tries to argue, but she shuts her mouth. Her body wants it.

"I can't wait," she says. "I didn't know my ass could feel so good. I wouldn't mind blowing on that big cock again."

He doesn't really care what his wife does with them when he leaves but he would see them properly cared for. "Isn't that your friend?" he asks her. "Give her a hug. You're going to be together for a long time." Then he goes about his business.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 16: Rabbit Milk | Angeliplex[/size][/u]

One day, the flabby, ragged, rug-haired, ravaging, and raving strung-out uncle began tying up untrained maids to "maximize breeding potential."

The women were put in a state of constant arousal and exchanging bodily fluids with total strangers that weren't entirely human.

After the program's initial failure to produce a viable counter to the centuries of dankness below. The uncle went back to his roots and serviced the women with bestial partners instead of being dropped in a dank basement and left to rot. "We're gonna need bucks and steed," he'd say. Every new maid was enchanted, energizing their lust and libido, forcing them to climax again and again after he's fertilized them. Then they were granted stables with a more equine life partner. The results were not encouraging.

Even if they were deeply satisfied, he knew they had to delve deeper. They would learn how babies were made one day. Summons, artifacts, animals, enchantments, the women couldn't stop breeding. They regressed so far they trembled at the thought of the act and began banging anything that moved, even eachother.

They had marginal results from the summoned... miscellanious partners.

Years pass.

"Hello. I'm new here," a blonde introduces herself.

They're in the changing room.

He likes blondes most of all. They're so unusual in his mansion. He tells her, "Put this on." She puts on a quaint bunnysuit, it has a strange front panel. "Don't leave. I'm the master of the mansion." She's surprised, this pretty man.

She perks up asking "sir! How may I serve you?"

He gives her a gentle caring smile, she's brought into his lap on a chair and he sucks on her tits. "How did that feel?" he asks. She looks like she enjoyed it.

She encourages him, this is the part she's been waiting for, "Please continue milord. I believe you have something else there for me."

As expected, she is a lovely milkmaid in dire need to be fertilized.

He produces a vial of strange fluid and enchants it red. "What is this sire?"

He puts it in a glass, telling her, "Drink this, and we'll be together forever."

She does, her breasts, they feel too sensitive. It's so immediate. If he keeps touching her there she can't think of anything else. "Tell me how this feels," he says.

When he puts his lips to her nipples she yells like he was set upon her and mauling her ravaging penetrating. She was absolutely certain she would be killed if he keeps going. Any second she would.

"You don't have to scream. I'm right here."

Her milk yet unchanged. She's overflowing from her loins with tears rolling down her face. She slumps out of breath. He catches her.

He removes his pants and screws her while sucking her tits. She rests in his arms unintentionally screaming from the extreme sensitivity she's cursed with. Her pussy blows like dynamite when she feels his cum inside her.

She'll give birth to a child in under four weeks.

He's ready to document the first enchanted vial of a proverbial angel's essence.

Journal Entry 41. Success.

It's ready. It took years of experimentation. Twenty new maids every day, and a constant rotation of of the some thousand does. They'll be fertilized on arrival, but the dosage and limitations are not yet understood.

Years upon years pass.

The mansion's central heating was rerouted through the maids' changing room. There are panels in the wall cut out to allow air to pass through easily.

"Is she here?" the ravishingly rugged man asks refers to a servant. Who responds,

"Yes I have her. She's right here."

He unveils a blonde he was smuggling in a sack, she's not dressed at all, small breasts under a strip of cloth. He examines her, thinking out loud, "The first was blonde, and now the last. It's destiny. Scrawny, riddled by signs of disease, she belongs here." Then speaking to her, the rugged man says, "You have nothing to be afraid of, we'll take good care of you now, understand? This is a second chance at life."

She tries to fight while he takes her from the smuggler. Her hands are bound up. There are many women here already. But she has no reason to trust any of them.

He puts her arms up catching her restrained wrists on the rack of hooks. She squeals begging for freedom. She's upset of course, this is all reasonable under the circumstances. "There we are, this will only take a moment," he reassures. He gently caresses her form. Bony. Malnourished. A scrub. He tears off the back of her clothes. He scratches her bare skin. She giggles and screams from the tickling.

"Stop," she tells him.

Whatever, she will want this. It's a mundane thing tn this time and place, life for a whore can be cut short if she doesn't find a nest. She will join with him. Her life can't be any better out there. Her back is red from broken skin. He casts a spell and then he wipes a swatch of the tincture across full of energy that drips down her back. It looks like blood.

Her waist and butt changed so fast. "Watch," he announces. "This version only requires skin contact. The changes are fast." She's slim and only becomes slimmer. They haven't fed her recently, to his knowledge, this is right after they captured her. She won't grow excessive amounts of lean muscle on a street rat's diet. She lets out a cantankerous croon and ferocious growl. He notices her scratches quickly healing. "First round finished. Minor regression. Her life has been saved. She's brimming with vitality. Next, immediately." A blue swatch. He repeats and the ichor runs down her back. Her butt grows, her bust thickens, she groans and her panties wet, she sweetly mewls after. Her fat is redistributed to lewd proportion before his eyes. Everything gets erotic within seconds. He waits a while. He rather enjoys this part. She's dripping girlcum. She vocalizes certain things that can't be seen, even while the changes in her body stop showing. He decides when they've waited long enough, having no evidence her continued climax would yield results. "The second side effects are showing. She's becoming a woman of incredible breed potential before my eyes. The first effects are nullified. Second round is finished. Final round." A green swatch.

"No visible effect, as expected. The second's have been nullified.

"Excuse me, young lady. Who do you think I am?"

She responds easily, "My one, my only, my master, my lover, my everything, my captor, my savior, my desire, my only." She murrs and snarls like a horny tiger and shakes her hips rattling the floorboards.

He nods. "That's enough," he says. "Singing my praises. Perhaps she's still climaxing. Her intimacy is peaking and will infinitely grow beyond measure while left under a spell. Success on all accounts.

"The evidence now largely proven that combining magicks dispell the previous in this one rare instance. Once anointed, the angel serum will always have maximum effect.

"Now, I'll impregnate her.

"Bring the rest. See to all necessary steps. We'll need the trained midwives soon. There's no telling exactly what will happen. Keep them on standby."

The servant who brought her leaves while murmuring, "I'd like to experience it for myself. Please, let me have sex with her later. I'll do anything." Opulent fantasies with her master. Typical side-effects of the experiments and conditioning of the past seven or so years.

There are too many women to sleep with daily now, and with this, things have changed. "You're going to have to screw my great great grandkids," he reminds the smuggler. "There are plenty to go around. Right now you merely have to cry my orders until your throat is hoarse."

He sets his eyes on the creature he just manifested. There is no telling just what she was capable of. Only moments ago she was a peasant, frail and unbecoming, and now she's bursting from her clothes. He can't help put his hands on her, feeling her soft curvaceous, and somehow vitalized body. Her energy just under her skin tingles his hands. She's cool to the touch. His erection mounts. He tells her, "You look gorgeous. The angel serum is working. You'll give birth every day now. You've been cured of all ailments. I bet you feel wonderful." He holds his hands on her shoulders, slim, strong, and soft. He brushes the shoulders on her blouse aside to feel her entire body. He wraps his hands along her front side, she's sticking out her ass rounding it. Her belly feels soft and it beats like a heart dancing along his fingers at the touch, "ticklish?" He gropes her tits big and fat, she cries louder, and he feels her swelling nipples like joy buzzers waiting to be pressed on, like little rabbit tongues licking his hand. He gives them a playful flick and tweaks them. Seeing her response, his cock's practically trying to jump out his pants.

She twitches and sticks her ass up at him. His own body responds. She moves like the mythical envoys now. Her instinct is more angel than human. "You can almost pass for one. My cock will soon be inside. Patience my songbird, hold out a few seconds. Surely you can do that. I must, as well," humorous, he tries to deny himself to a fault. He feels her back now. Nothing like wings or a tail. He's not sure what to expect. He slips off her panties. She's angling herself to receive a direct thrust. As expected, her anus has been used on the outside, abused, her pussy is dark, overused, perhaps without lube, fat vulva lips, a result of the second phase no doubt, as well as her swollen clit. These won't change, but in time these parts will even look more beautiful as she recovers. After she bears children. Then she'll fit right in.

He lets out his cock which pushes into the small of her back. She's shorter than him so he finds himself looking at her arms. He lifts her up slightly bringing it across her anus eliciting an excited cry. She uses her words, "Fuck me! Fuck me. Fuck me, please. There there! Fuck me." It slips into her ass unexpectedly, he pushes her face into the wall, pulling it out.

The last side-effect. He tells himself, "You've done this, you can master this." Then to her, "Young lady, you want to be a mother. You need to use this, the proper cunt." He puts it in her vadge and presses down to the hilt. Her sound is not beast nor woman for a tickled shriek like a horny tiger resounds. The wetness he penetrated swallows up his manhood. She clenches her pussy around and her inside sounds like knuckles cracking. She moans loud and long and he's doing the same, everything in him going into her.

Where did his mind go? His thumbs are jammed into her hips with a death grip, his hands left imprints. He raves, "You goddamn cunt. Don't think you won." She fucked him real hard. He shouldn't waste words. He thinks she takes a sick satisfaction in hearing this as much as him. She isn't letting go of him. "You fucking whore you'll pay." She likes it. This isn't helping but rile her more. He spanks her and her ass shoves upwards more like she's pulling him, her body twitches repeatedly. She's letting go, he thinks. She cums again and the gesticulation of her insides tries to retake control, it somehow makes him roll up his eyes forgetting.

He's dreaming for who knows how long.

He grabs her tits. Of course, the majority of her chest is unclothed after it grew in size. He should have known. She cackles. It has to work... She immediately forces his dick out. He puts two fingers in her ass without thinking, it's unbelievably satisfying. It's almost too strong to resist. The bound woman in front of him sighs a sickly sweet satisfaction in having him. He has to look away before he can take his hand back. His mind clears up. He felt like he might die. Next time, he will be ready.

What a dangerous opponent, one you can't even look at without losing control. He understands the anal lust she harbors from the world she came from. "Patience dear," I'll use that when the time comes, you have my word. He'll satisfy that urge too.

It's finished. There was a midwife and a host of others there already. Most wait outside the door, but they were told never to interfere, merely bear witness. There was no doubt who fertilized this goddess. Now they'll watch whatever else unfolds.

More arrive, they bring in his self-proclaimed sex slaves and maids he personally groomed long-term for this moment, not willing to experiment on them but for the bare necessities. They're trembling from magic-induced nirvana he mastered in them. They see him and think of the time of their life they spent with him, every time.

All the women who escaped to the city have been recovered. About thirty of them. They're here as well. "For safety, you must be bound. I'm absolutely certain you will be happier tomorrow than you've ever felt in your life. It may take as long for me to reach you. There have been some unexpected results." The wall of the maids' quarters lines with forty-nine attractive women. Their privates, backs, and breasts are exposed if they weren't already. Their bellies would expand and they had clothes with panels or nothing there at all. They are all dressed in what they expect to be the last thing they'll ever wear. Their beauty pales in comparison to the peasant whore who, before the kidnapping...

"She had been abused on the street wearing rags, malnourished, skinny and comely, and now, just looking at her," he finishes, he feels weak looking at her majesty he beheld now. How are the rest handling it? "That will be all of you."

He sees the servants on hire pressing themselves at the door. Some appear out of breath in awe. His second wife is at the door.

His rat wife. He's seen a hundred breeds of halflings more attractive. This unique opportunity will turn her into a proper woman. She'll be a proper, fullbodied doe even if it somehow fails. It's fair like this.

There's a cool feeling in his hand. He looks at his hand and there's a wet sap-like substance thick and viscous. Its color is milky which suggests... He sniffs at it and tries his tongue, sweet, like honey. He sees it dripping off the woman he squeezed. Unquestionably it was a product of her maturation. It turns out to be edible and stimulating.

Journal Entry 140. Success.

There are fifty women with high intimacy and arousal with absurd fecundity. Feckful as well. A hundred thousand heirs will be sired.

They produce a fantasticly sweet milky fluid from their teat.

I could call it honey or syrup, or boil the sugar out, and sell it as either. I haven't decided. This will keep my family wealthy.

As expected, the heat of their bodies is enough to blow the roof off if it weren't already let out.

We've done it. The city is saved. The tides will turn in this dank place. This is a testiment of our human benevolence. Our conquest, humanity is saved.
 
*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11 : Bliss Out[/size][/u]

In this room, he did his most vile, brilliant work. The women were happily bound, altered, their milking sessions were paired with intercourse. Their desires would leech into the wood, into his mind, and blow through the mansion. There was little time to eat or sleep. He kept this to himself, no longer suffering to enlist aide from the outside world. He was able to satisfy them to the last woman, every day.

Amazing. All in this room... He was with all fifty of them, every single day, magic kept him going, and rabbit milk.

The maids ran the mansion. They handled the children, all fifty birthed like clockwork. The milk initially produced was stored in the cellars outside until the rabbit milk replaced it.

They diluted it with their regular doe milk, the untainted solution had regenerative arcane properties, a typical swindle.

Nobody heard from him outside the mansion, there was no needed secrecy, he'd already been left to his own devices. One day, they all vanished. At least that's how the story plays out in memory.

Where is great uncle and his creation now?

What's this, a note? There's lined paper on the floor that reads: "The safe is broken, there's no lock. Push to open. You'll know if you see me." With a lipstick mark. He immediately thinks, ultimate bunny girl, here I come.

On his way to the basement, there are demons trying to make their claim to his body. The slither like snakes.

There's no going back from that, no, I will use my own cock thank you. 

One of those slutty fox girls, seeing him, transforms into a taller seductive woman luring him.

"No thanks," he tells her.

He disarms them with arcane energy and walks past. Absolutely certain in his resolve, there will be a particular bunnygirl in his future.

There's a maid at the top of the stairs. Thinking, I didn't know there were any left. He says, "Hello. Could you help me? The maid service sent everyone home before I had a chance to ask for anything. Could you tell me what happened to my aunt? Or would you know if the bunny-goddess is here?"

She hugs him. She's really strong. A few other maids come who try to shove their bodies close. Can I get a break? These are real and their eyes are red. That could only mean a few things. He nudges one aside and keeps going.

"Ultimate bunny girl," he reminds himself. He's on a mission.

"You can do whatever you want. We'll give you these," they shout at him from the top of the stairs. He takes a look upward and sees their bare asses flashing down to him. I'll save it. The booba goddess is one phone call away.

In the safe, there's a letter: "Bunny booty call. Be ready;" And on it the number to the maid's service that's definitely a brothel. The next chapter was in the safe too.

He stands next to the phone and dials. The chapter page in one hand, phone in the other, he can't put either down.

"You have keys?" He's on the phone, "Ok. I'll be in the study. Really? It's happening tonight? I can hardly wait. You're gonna... You're talking dirty. Hold on." He sits down in the library, the phone cord reaches. His pants drop. "Ok. Ready. Is it ok if I jerk off... don't?

"Oh, you're coming here now? I thought you were offering to do it over the phone.

"No of course you can't do 'that' over the phone for real. We were going to have phone sex.

"Not like that? Alright, I'll be here, love you." He can't believe it. He walks to the study holding up his pants. He keeps reading.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 17: Judgment Day[/size][/u]

Dread is in costume, pretending to be a human. She's in a skimpy street chic leather skirt and a plain tube top, she is sucking off a guy with a very big dick. She'll screw him soon enough. This is the last bit of seduction before using him up.

A woman, her informant, comes into her rented room and tries not to stare, she blushes. The mouth of her great leader makes such noises. She'd like to join. She warns, "Miss. There's something coming."

Head bobbing, "Mhm."

This isn't, the informant murmers, "This isn't supposed to be like this." She talks bolder now, "There's metal, and fire, and young souls."

"Mmmh," the guy nuts in Dread's mouth. She slows down sucking him in as much as she can. Ultigirl raises her head, "Hard cock is what I'm into right now. Get one and we'll talk some more." She goes back down.

She slips up her skirt and rides him missionary until his exhaustion succumbs reason and she forces the last bit of strength he has out. It's good, he thinks. His aching balls. His body is burning from the heat of her loins. She turns and he sees her ass moving. He passes out, drained. So good.

A shock of energy forces his erection to continue, she's milking his prostate with the magic until she's satisfied.

She'll have a visit with that dick demigod later. She's not calling him that (boyfriend), but she does it with him pretty much every week.