
Continuing from pink alignment
Fallen Angels Eating Pussy

[b]Part 2, Bedtime Story[/b]

Not far into the next chapter while reading about Dread slobbering knob. "Do you really love me?" —I'm surprised by a woman who arrives right before my eyes asking me this.

She keeps talking, so I can't ignore her, "Want me to help you read that? It can be your bedtime story."

Context. She's offering something trashy that I can dig. This is her, like over the phone. She offered. I accept, "I could really use help with something else. It's you right?"

She's wearing her clothes from outside, her tits practically bubble out of her shirt, the manor's rules must seem lax. She came right in without asking and walked in, silent, oh she's in her socks, ok. Then again, I haven't been formally recognized as the housemaster. Her beauty and figure are captivating. It's her. It has to be.

I'll give her exactly what she wants. "We can have sex instead." Fully controlling my fully-erect excitement at finally getting some, I quickly imbue my cock with a lustful essence to make her fall for it quicker. "Take off your pants and ride me. If you really want, the desk is big enough." She comes closer, I can smell her. What else? "You're the most beautiful woman I've laid eyes on. I want us to be together." No. That's too flowery. My great uncle's a better example. I change my posture, my penis uncomfortable in my pants. I try not to sound too threatening, "Come here. We'll talk after."

She giggles her words out, "I was warned you'd have such handsome words prepared. That's why I brought this." She touches her earring. Protection?

"That's not real," I refute.

She doesn't care I'd deny it. She says, "If you're the one who's going to read. I'll use these on you." She raises her palm to my face. She slips her top low enough her bra's out with one last layer of clothes covering her. If she's going to make me breastfeed I could probably shoot my load just putting one milky nipple in my mouth at this point. I'm staring at what looks like a bump from her nipple like it's going to run away if I move. Her hand goes down to my crotch.

"Read that while I play with your dick," she's onto me. "You can stop shooting cum into the breeze. Do it here." Pointing at her mouth. "Do it between my tits." How is she so damn sweet? Her voice is softening and pleasant. "I can read you like a book. You also open like a book. Watch." Pants unzip. My cock's out, I flex it because it feels like it's about to shoot off. Her whole body responds when my cock moves like that. Was she expecting me to shoot it out?

He think, I'd better say something, "I—"

She calms me down, "When you're about to cum I'll give you a kiss so you know it's alright." She does it to my face and I feel her tits on my chest before she gets in position. My dick ends up between while her bra's still on. This is happening, be cool. I notice her tits are already lubed. She takes out oil and pours it on some more. "Didn't I say I'd do something when I got here? What was it?" That's right she said such nasty things I thought it was phone sex but now this is happening.

"You said you'd tell me a sexual fantasy you kept secret. And I'd be able to use your body as much as I wanted."

She looks puzzled. "Didn't I... I said those things," she sounds like she didn't want to admit that. "Don't you want to cum between my tits? I can tell 'he' wants to." She's trying to get out of our deal. I'm not going to let her. I'll talk her into...

She rubs her tits around then kisses the tip of my cock, her mouth finishing the job, making the fantasy happen. She said it'd be ok when she kissed me. She wasn't wrong. She stays there continuing to service me as I slowly return to the tome.

She's taking off her bra. How am I going to focus like this?

*****
[hr]

[u][size=130]Chapter 11, Title: Asses to Asses[/size][/u]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 18: Oil and Fire[/size][/u]

Wherever incredibly hot women are, there's likely to be an ancient. They prey on perversion.

Few people make a difference. Like this one. Captain, a baller with an imagination trying to disarm conflict. Bringing more peeps to her crib. She saves people. She's got a crew. She lifts. She's also pretty hot.

She visits a conflict zone and loses many good people. There's an explosion, there are still urban soldiers running amok. They try to make friends with the people there. The next thing she knows she's sliding down silky chutes with a few from her crew. She reaches the ground floor.

What a ride.

She looks up for an exit, she sees a hundred feet high walls. They won't be getting out soon. The city ordinances will come help in time, but her situation is really messed up. The walls though.

The walls are a veritable pussy gallery.

She touches webs and feels the asscheeks that make up most of the foundation, paved plaster, and soil between each woman. Their bottoms have long streams of old caked in white paste all over them. Long strands of silk run along them and the walls. She dare not move. There are giant worms diving into spilled oil and then penetrating the sides, boring into the women, their asses gape. The oiled snake-like creatures go in one end with horrible black trails behind them and exit clean of the gunk on the other side leaving thick white trails. The countless worms are screwing countless women.

Captain is trying to make sense of it and falters. "I can't believe it. This is a nightmare." Although, with the erotic female sounds, one might think that this is actually the club.

"We're lucky to be alive," says one man in her crew.

She stares up at the monumental fuckery while saying, "I wish I could say the same for them. What the fuck. We should save all of them." She looks closer.

Some of the women in the plaster are positioned to be connected at the hip, some touch clit-to-clit, those particularly red from chafing. "Lesbians be trippin'", she can't help thinking it. The women rubbing together and relieving themselves in front of her, all exposed skin within reach of another have telltale signs. Bundles of white threads around their bodies. A woman is being anally filled right now and her stomach grows to let stuff pass through. There are some pregnant-looking.

"Incubation and birthing," someone offers. "A hatchery of some kind of parasitic worm. Crusted ejaculate is caked onto many of their labia. Their wombs are full of the young allowing these things to grow in number." That's good to know before they start killing them off.

Even so.

She has to see their faces, maybe it's too late, maybe not. A burial chamber, maybe, maybe not. The bodies are just receptacles, maybe. She sees not all the butts are equally defiled, a pair of lesbians working together to enjoy the moment right now catch her eyes.

She forces her way out between a pair of receptacles, their warmth and movement shattering her delusion. Her fear is in her voice, "They're alive. We shouldn't be too hasty. Guys! Who knows, maybe this isn't what it looks like. Don't be hasty!"

Her partners respond. "They're getting buried down here," angry words. "Buried in sand and sediment. We should get rid of these things," they was mad, spittin words. "We gotta stop this shit, now!"

They each have a pocket knife ready, survival instinct is for real.

She never trained for this. Her crew wears fancy suits to attract curious onlookers. They have standard equipment for emergencies and snacks.

While she's trying to get through the men shout, already going offensive to free as many captive women as possible. The guardians see the single-minded destruction and strike back. This is their survival at stake, they wanna lay eggies for days.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 19: Crimson Aura[/size][/u]

Once she pushed to the other side, she saw the faces. How do they live like this? She can't fathom despite whatever came to mind. She'll do what she can. "Let me get that out." She pulls at the web on a woman's face. "Can you feel your lower half?" The woman nods. She has to reassure them, somehow. "We're going to try and save all of you. Hang in there."

There's fighting behind her as the men and women are assaulted. Her pants rip open. "Gaah!" she shouts.

"Shit. What is it?" Her mates yell, "It's touching Captain. Cut it, before it goes in!" The energy of it pours straight in her before she felt an attempt at intercourse. She feels a hand on her. She wants this, it's got her exposed, it's going in her cunt, she's going to enjoy it. Nevermind what she said before, she's about to join the women here.

She's pushed through to the other side and the worm retreats. She feels her torn suit pants and can adjust her panties to cover back up. Also, there's someone here.

A girl, short, young in appearance approaches Captain. The most notable thing is her skin is glowing a golden aura, and she's very cute in the face. She looks wealthy.

Are you supposed to be here? Captain wonders.

The girl's wearing red and green silk, her eyes are yellow and rimmed with green, red hair, her head's decorated with golden ornaments, it's like she's alight with nature. She has nothing covering her crotch but her manicured red strands of hair. Her chest is flat.

The worms moving around the outside become scarce. Someone behind the girl moves away, he's dressed like a soldier. 

The girl speaks, "Hello. Can you help? Look." She helps the Captain through.

She puts her hand on one right beside them. Her face is remarkably clean with decorative stones stuck on. "Can you bring us somewhere?" she asks, clearly looking at Captain.

Below them, near their ankles, a worm is threading through its unlucky host to exit with a thick trail of wet silk. The woman gasps, she retches while stuff comes out. She's able to get words out, "You have to get me out of here too. I can help you. I can do anything. I'm a good girl. I've been good."

The young girl pets the violently coughing woman's ornate face and brings out a handkerchief of pure white silk.

"Yes, you have," says the girl while petting her. "Hang on a little longer ok? This is the woman I've been speaking of. She can take us to that place."

The woman who just arrived is confused and embarrassingly, she's horny, for reasons she won't admit to herself. She wants to make a good impression and save these women without making any mistakes.

"What is this?" The girl asks with green fire in her eyes while she touches the woman on top. She's speaking to her. "You're doing it to mother again? Let her go." Silence, then—

The middle woman screams over and over. Slapping noises on the other end. An amazing show for the men in her crew. The woman opens her green eyes and belts out, "How long did you do it?!" The one on top looks annoyed.

She answers the middle, "A new record. Over one-hundred years. Your daughter helped. Oh?!" She looks surprised. Then she smiles. "We can argue later. We have visitors. Yes, right there. I can feel someone. Aah! A hand, ohh how I've longed for a man, I want a man in me. Mmh!"

"Uuh!"

The middle opens her mouth making a big 'oh', then she starts panting her chest in view shakes and heaves while she keeps being forced. "Lucky girl," says her partner. "You have a little worm in you now. Here." She plants a smooch on her. Her hips and body shake while a dick, sight unseen, thrust into her. His desire is a sensation she'll relish.

Captain is upset, notably. She felt a bit accused. She addresses this perversion, "Stop it. You're not making any sense. We're here to save you. Nobody's going to let the worms hurt you."

The unlucky woman at their feet says, "Is it another? I'm full. That's my! Yes! This isn't what I thought. I love this. Harder."

The girl childishly rolls her eyes around and the fire in them glitters prettily like her skin. "Mother, there's a woman here from outside. She can play. She can help us get there," she's talking to the one in the middle middle.

However, the top responds to the girl instead, "I don't think she's here to play. Although she may if we ask."

The one directly below her repeats, the sultry feeling in her voice, "You have to get me out of here. Oh oh, but I've been waiting for this. Just a little bit."

The one below that elaborates, "I love cock too. I'm going to cum so put your cock in."

The top closes her eyes, telling, "Something's touching my butt."

The mysterious glowing girl elaborates, "We'll all go to this place." They knew what she meant. Only Captain was listening at this point. "What we want most of all is there."

The mother opens her eyes, they shine green, "We desire bliss. That's what we want." Her head eventually tilts back in dire distress.

The top says to her, "Feel this and tell me you don't know bliss." The woman below blanks from continuous climax while the top has a great look of satisfaction. A moment later, anger on both their faces, they're clearly in a love-hate relationship.

A daughter who only resembles the mother's face. A giant building made of naked women. Hold the fuck on. A hundred years of what? The peacemaker from outside is missing something.

Captain speaks to her crew on the other side of the wall. "How are you doing in there?"

The girl answers instead, with her shining eyes distant, her eyes burn brighter and whiter as she speaks. "They rut. They're in the heat of passion. They're finding mates and taking them. Their breeding instinct—"

—This is disgusting, Captain thinks her friends are doing things. "That's disgusting. You fucking pigs. Are you still human? When we're out you need to see a therapist.

"No, why is a little girl telling me this? Terrible. You're awful. Stop lying."

She sees the worms snaking out the women from the front, it looks like they're hoping it will happen again, and again, "It can't be true." She wants to feel that, she'll say it until she can believe it, "It's not true. We're not bad." She's barely holding back. The girl looks happy then changes her posture.

"A woman is offering herself, guilt, pleasure, heat in her loins."

Captain doesn't find this helpful, "I don't," she puts her hand to her crotch, her? "So what?"

The girl shakes her head in response. Not you. She smirks, then she says, "There's a woman inside, she's joining, entering the battle."

That means nothing...

The top speaks up, "This is no ordinary girl, she's almost three-thousand years old. A gift from Zeth's herald and the loins of this thrall. If a woman's mating with a guardian, she's becoming one with the monument." She ends this by rubbing her face on the one below with eager affection.

"Shit." Coming to her senses, Captain concludes, "We have to tear it down. They're all alive."

The girl closes her eyes and says, "Your roots are showing."

The muscular woman proceeds the duty ascribed by fate and breaks a ten-thousandth of the monument with the tools available to her. Modern tools. While the girl watches.

The edge of the tower crumbles within minutes releasing the posse along with nearly thirty gifted women, including the two limitless powers before her.

The girl says, "The desecration of this sanctuary will be a footnote in our lifetime." Like any other warped morality, ever-changing, flawed. "In this case, it's a necessary sacrifice." She can feel them return to the pool of knowledge for her taking, no longer Zeth's, nor the guardians.

There it was. The truth. Captain laments, "What are you doing? Remember consent. You can't ask a girl's pussy consent." She is upset because she saw the truth.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 20: Dry Spell[/size][/u]

The girl turns out to be the same height as her mother. There's a naturally dark-skinned woman with wings.

Captain's body feels like she's saying "fuck me out loud!" Her nerves tense. Her pussy aches.

The men enjoying themselves isn't helping. The giant worm thrusting into her girls, squeezing them to capture them.

Pairs of women who've been long-term mates within the structure helped each other through this admirably, she understands. The ones that did, hug and hold hands for once in their life, finally meeting their partners.

A couple of short, busty women enter the desecrated lair. One hands the girl she met something to eat.

To Captain's vantage, the women here are very short. The three eating are about the same height, like children to her. But those tits. Then the top, she is taller than Captain by half a foot at least.

The burning yellow eyes of the girl glow, the woman she examines looks very excited.

"Priestess!" she exclaimed.

What this? Captain's hearing she's got her rep. Are they among holy zealots?

She moves the woman's clothes to the side and kneads her tit, impressive breast sizes, she sucks at her nipple. The other looks to offer herself. Captain enjoys the view of her amazing rack when she removes her top. Both women tilt their heads back and close their eyes. The acting milk bottle is brought to orgasm quickly and the other cums as well. Captain's amazed, her own body responds momentarily. Was this immaculate? Was this some kind of miracle? She's feeling good about this.

She's going to pass out soon, she thinks. This feeling is taking over, she's embarrassed, she might have a crush on a holy lesbian. The redhead is forceful. Captain stands closer to her to ask more. There's a soldier inside the door who hails to her. She remembers, he's the one who the priestess came in with.

"Come over here. Let me take a look," he tells her. He walks in.

What could he want? "Yes?" she asks.

He looks her up and down, explaining gruffly, "Huh? I saw you with little miss. Are you looking for some action?" Surprised, she politely starts to decline. On second thought.

"Who?" she asks.

He makes a toothy grin. Again, his tone is lighter, "I'm watching the young maiden. She's not to have her time wasted. You don't look like you're from here."

She settles on asking him questions. "What kind of things do you do?"

He hooks his thumbs in his pants. "I protect her with my body. I've been here for a few days, she's a desirable commodity. Number one. Rare. I escort her, along with some other fellas. You wouldn't imagine the things that go on in this place. They're fucked." He turns to react to something—

While he's talking it dawns on her, his first comment was 'action' as in sexual. Like, he'd sleep with her. She's pretty desperate, maybe...

—He then shouts, like he was chasing a dog off his lawn, "Ho! you, now, wait! Hold it right there a minute!" A woman of considerable size takes his arm.

The dark skin passes under Captain's view but it was undeniable. The top grabbed a man wearing a uniform while she's mid-conversation with him.

"This is it. The real deal," he looks about ready to scream, in a shaky warbling voice, "It's an angel. I'm seeing things. Aaah! AAAaah!" Famous last words. His body seems to recoil like he can't move fast enough. She's still naked and her arms are wrapped up in webs, what could she do?

Her eyes glow red. Glow? Captain thought it was perhaps the lighting. Then wings that sprout out from her back rip the cobwebs off her, making her completely nude. Wings?! "Holy fuck you're hot," Captain blurts. She steps in caressing his cock and balls through the fabric.

It's a bitter-sweet sensation for him.

His pants fall off with a deft movement and she pops his suit buttons like firecrackers. His shirt's almost torn off in an upward motion like she was tearing off a bandaid. Then she's on top, straddling him, pressing her weight down, their bare midsections touching. He raises his hands up feebly in the time he has to react and nearly hits her before she deflects his arm.

"Holy...!" she yelled before she could think. Watching it all happen, Captain's mind is racing to understand. She breathes in hard in the next two seconds as things blur. A quarrel, a fit? Or a fight? A woman who loves a man enough might put him in such a situation.  What did he do to her while she was there? No, he said he's been here a couple of days, can love blossom so quickly. How come? Would it be rude... Would it be... Butterflies. Awful. She presses her fist to her crotch and pulls her legs together. She's not made for this. This is bad. The woman, or the man. She just met them both but they're so 'fine.

After that thought, the angel's wings go around him.

Every vulgar detail is in view. Her butt moves up and down. The group of women move closer and watch as he's brought inside her lower half nearly ten times in a span of three minutes, every thrust sucking him dry. His scrotum contracts fully multiple times after each penetration suggesting he was in fact, having a really good time. A fox appears each time and they frolic around.

She's going to be the fox breeder in any lifetime.

The maiden makes a declaration, "He's spent. If auntie wants to keep him, she's already taken good care of my mother. Let her. The guy was asking for it when he screamed like that."

Captain's head spins. She has to walk away from them to think.

A little distance away now. Is she the only woman deeply feeling this moment? She saw a grown man cleaned out. By what? That woman. Did he ask for it? She's a smoking hot angel why wouldn't he?!

Her nipples feel pinched. She touches one, erect, rubbing her suit. She's wet. She might cry. She lies down.

The rest of the group sews clothes made of silk webs. The maiden and her mother are especially good at this task.

The angel recovers from her little fling during this time. "Give me a moment," she says. "I'm enjoying this. I'll be with you once I'm done." Done doing what?

The mother says, "It's not safe anymore." With a look from the angel returned, and the mother looks away, waving her hand dismissing the comment. It meant nothing to anyone else.

There's a woman pretending to sleep. 

"Oh. Oh my. You're about to have a dream. Go to sleep.

Green eyes, Captain thinks.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 21: Willing Victims[/size][/u]

The group is prepared to explore the temple they know little about. The ones who needed it sooner are all dressed now in white silk woven mostly by the priestess.

However, after engaging many bound women, they don't wish for the men of the group to leave.

"Please don't go I love you. Oh don't go oh I'd be so happy for you to help me more," at first a plea, ending with a seductive curl. The women from her time were very good at playing with their voice and posture. Even after eons with a soulmate, their lust for men has never been higher.

While this is happening. Three women play with the body of Captain in a corner.

The maiden of old and two wispy henchwomen have a use for her. She arches her back, they gently touch her. She's only allowed near the edge. The thrall enjoys the sensation of teasing someone after so long. Finally. She can be The Maiden once more, and not just the mother of 'the maiden.'

Her master will have her dues. The girls help undress her, bare, her erect nipples and moist pussy. They whisper soft comfort in her ears, watching her in a haze of emotion. "There she goes." The worms come to play. "Easy, my pets. In all those years, you never used my body. Now take hers." It takes all three to hold her body while the worms stretch out and reach into her. Seed and eggs are supplied. One slides through her mouth and out her anus depositing all its necessary stuff. "Good. It was to easy. I'm feeling a little too good to end so easily." The comfort maiden gets down and does her duty she mastered. Long ago she'd sleep with women to help mental and physical fatigue. She presses their pussies together and slowly brings both to climax. It's done. She feels terrible. She doesn't know what she's doing. "Awful... It didn't... Hide now. I can't" protect you. She didn't have to finish saying it. She carried on as though nothing was happening.

The other two are gone quickly, not waiting, not wanting to be found, they're now practically a part of the foundation like the women paved in it. They masked their presence from all but those deliberely searching for one.

The woman they defiled wakes up completely once she's walked back over to the group. Captain asks questions, trying to shake away the certainty she's been left out, "Why did you sleep with a man you never met?" A few laugh at her comment including the fox breeder.

"What do you mean? Have sex because it feels good," says one of the food bearers.

She might have culture shock. You don't meet and fuck, not even in the fast life.

"Let's her here," says one. "Let us show you," they offer. The two food bearers come to her revealing their tits. "You're happy, right? We can do more for you."

The angel speaks up, "Come watch how a real woman does it. Over there I see someone I've spoken with on occasion."

They see a couple arguing, one spreads her wings. She's dressed in silk that you can see straight through, no top but for some frilly strings. "Why's she... Why are you both topless?" the Captain manages. Her partner's clothes come off like it's a trick, stunning Captain, it's just like the other time. She's about to. Wings flap and cover them both. They separate after an intense several moments together.

The angel is mating a futa who looks just about ready to break down after. "She isn't done. Screwing once is never enough, see, it's a natural thing," the angel in their croup claims. They reconnect.

The tan angel comes forward between them and the other pair without missing a beat and suggests to Captain, "I can show you." Was she eager?

The men from her posse whistle and hoot. Captain gets angry, it's difficult to refuse with her gang watching. "Ok. You wanna fuck?! We can fuck." She's certain of victory. I won't let a bitch do that, thinking about the soldier getting dominated, I'm not going to be like that, she shivers thiking of the look on that woman's face, when they were stuck on the wall. She must be special, I don't cum that fast.

They don't make it to a comfortable seated position before the angel does a sneak attack, groping her all over. She undoes Captain's pants and fingers her. She whispers in Captain's ear, "You've been used. It must have been painful to leave such a mark."

What? No, I haven't. Captain doesn't believe it.

"I'll use you too," the breeder says.

Noticing her sudden change in rhythm, Captain thinks, I'm being read. She's too fast!

She straddles her and jabs into the leader's clit with her own immediately, setting things in motion. She chants a healing spell.

The audience of men and women alike, "I love this woman. Sheeesh. Wow that was." Whomever they meant to praise, both felt it.

The angel gets off her.

The girl that just got laid has cum-face and she shrieks ferociously, glaring. She knows she (lost) underestimated this force of nature. This is not something that can be beaten. Wings flap and pull them together smashing their clits again sending her feelings skyward. The angel separates with a hearty smile, she's looking over at the maidens. Her victim bawls out another as her whole body twitches. She shuts her eyes to hide her tears. She's giving up but she can't move or speak.

"Oh my god she's so cute. I never knew the boss looked so cute. She never made this face for me."

Who the hell said that?

Shut up! She wants to yell. Her body jerks and shoves her crotch up finishing the climax. Their clits barely touch again and she screams like it's happening. The angel looming over her resembles a fierce predator about to. She rocks her hips rubbing them together a log gentler and whispers again, "There, all better." Then she says normally, "I can keep going. And you?" Say yes dear, you can't resist.

The mother maiden warily watches. She's been in that position, it's making her feel wounds she must attend to. The men from the group offer themselves to the new angel who obliges. She looks like a belly dancer taking each of their cocks and gyrating. They all want her at once. The maiden's jealousy consumes her. She comes close enough to talk to the angel.

"Come with me. We have business, remember?" she tries to get her to come. There's some disagreement. "You've talked with us over by the monument. I have something for you there." This seemed plausible. The angel departs from the small group of men and follows her back into the monument.

"We're going to see some amazing girl-on-girl again. Guys let's follow."

The Maiden offers, "Take this one. Spare the rabble." The worms wrap her and take her up into the air. So high up nobody can save her. They bind her in silk. They force their way through her repeatedly. Far too many. Pretty soon she's filled. "You'll keep them busy while the men remain here. In place of the monument that's been desecrated I grant control of this woman."
 
She returns to the group. She looks extremely satisfied after tricking that angel. "The guardians won't bother you now. Controlling yourselves will be easy. Save all the women. Look, they've been generous enough to build rope-ladders up to the highest part of the foundation." It's true, the worms have gone to work making steps and rope bridges, allowing circumnavigation around the monument. How strange.

A guy from the group is bothered to tears, "Sheees relax dog. Why you gotta do her like that? She was only getting us nut. What's your problem dog?" The men from the group were notably upset she took their fun sexy toy funbags away.

The women are too scared to argue and follow suit, saying, "I don't know if we can hang. You gonna fuck a homie like that? You gonna fuck a woman. Use it." She does a 'dick out' gesture. The Maiden understands perfectly clear. "Those things are shiet. You are nasty, bitch. Come on Cap we better rollout." They go towards the monument.

Captain tells them, "We can't escape from here by standing still. And look, they stopped building bridges up so high that we can't save that angel. We should search for an exit that can't be broken so easily."

A guy who speaks up directs his next comment at the dangerous woman, "Remember, you do anything to her, and it's us you're going to deal with later. We keep tabs on homies."

Captain doesn't want to stay here doing nothing, she pushes the issue, "We're going. I'm going in without you." They head deeper into the temple without the men.

The Maiden has a plan. The people here already lost. She brushes her daughter's hair with her fingers and they smile.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 22: Riposte[/size][/u]

They work their way through. The young maiden explains, "If this place is left as it is, the people here will suffer in vain. The purpose of this place is long past. Change is necessary."

Captain thinks, is every room in this place more of them? When they find two more angels. The yellow-eyed woman explains. "Do not worry. They are drop-outs, unlike the rest."

The dark-skinned one with them exclaims, "The fall!" And covers her mouth.

The girl sneers and grabs one of their tits, she fingers the nipple ring piercing there. "Aunt. You've been so kind to mother. Come, get on top of her," the girl looked right at the tan fox breeder and put her lips together while staring, expectant.

Two angels are facing each other. One wears white silken wraps, she has gems affixed to her face, the fox breeder. The other is in lace, not quite the lingerie of the modern era, but close. Her breasts are bare so the nipple rings are visible. The girl who taunts them is still there, asking them, "What might happen if I remove this?" as she fingers the piercing enough the white hard teat budges.

The fox breeder grunts and stammers, answering, "No I can't bear to see another fall.

The girl flicks the ring. The angel allowing this smiles without a care. She pets her then grabs her pierced tit squeezing it. Energy flows out like milk. The one on top raises her hands up like she might be in danger.

"Go ahead," says the priestess. "She'll be yours. Haven't you been hoping for a release this long walk? Fuck her like you did to my mom. Everybody else. This one is a gift to you."

She helps the next angel up. She's wearing a mask and something is draped over her chest like a very short babydoll dress. She turns the angel, a fabric belt outlining her hips. "This one will take whatever you have," she says like a demand. The angel's brought to her elbows, her tits overflow the seat she leans on, her crotch sticks out pointed at the women who just came in.

This angel's absolutely brilliant in her smile. Her ass and legs are quite fit, not unlike the others. The bottom comes forward to feel her. So does The Maiden. They're amazed just doing this. The women lick the angel from behind, a pussy eating contest for Captain to watch.

The angel's begging, "Harder, harder. If you can fill me, put something in." She is playing with her own tits.

The fox breeder dismounts her assigned mate and backs off without using her, muttering, "Despicable. Atrocious." She fingers her own clit and taps her breast baring her teeth. Captain saw her, and finally understands what she meant earlier. She's another breed of woman.

The maiden shrugs and mounts the tame angel in lace, fucking her with her Venus mons and playing with the rings on her tits. She pulls at them like she might take them off and changes her mind repeatedly. This elicits gasps from the fox breeder seeing it and the angel being toyed with alike. She presses her thumbs into the nipples squishing them down. "Eat my pussy auntie. Just like I taught you." She teases the onlookers by showing off, sticking out her taint. She seems satisfied letting them see her full hips flirt at first, her privates were on view as she gyrates in a downward facing position. Then she looked aroused.

She gets up off the angel. Then takes the dark-skinned angel twice her size by the neck and forces her into her, to eat her out. "I know what you want." She taunts. "You can wait. Good girl. That's right. Lick it like you've done for so long. I know you hate being called auntie. Stupid. I love you auntie just, yes, good one."

The shortie (the bottom) and the ex-comfort maiden's attention went to the girl when she commanded the angel. Their mouths salivate. The gang leader is touching herself. The shortie moves to the other tame angel and she attempts oral. A gush of juice overflows and she licks it up. The Maiden licks ass that's been right in front of her. Captain gives in and kneels to lick the angel's clit sucking harder. They can't stop. They do this until the fiery maiden cums while her servant below her in white, with dark skin, desperately tries to please. She stares at the one beside her in a babydoll-dress, with her tits dangling to be fondled.

The girl reaches into the skimpy frilly lingerie and takes a nipple ring off the one leaning over, there's a big terrible swell as she breathes in to scream, then the other ring. The once tame angel shrieks and her girlcum gushes out into Captain's face. Captain sucking girlcum nonstop has to stop and take a breather. The babydoll angel keeps bleating an orgasm non-stop.

The young maiden takes her clit-licker by the hair and shoves her face in hard. Her cheeks puff out. Her arms give up holding her and her body swings, face-planted in wet snatch.

"Now she's all ass. This is what she's good for. A piece of ass. Head if you like. Stupid women." The girl presents her pussy like it's something new. Taking it away from the fox breeder. A cock sticks out from nowhere. "It's your master, you remember, don't you? Of course, you never forget the taste of one." The angel she's holding begs and drools. She lets her go.

She turns to the woman tormented by an unseen force. The one she just removed the rings from, and everyone out of the way, she puts her dick in, letting her mate do the work. She looks happy with this and then grunting, spanking her hips and ass. "Bitch. Cunt. Whore. Fuck. Take it. Slut. Skank. Raunchy fuck. Ugly cow. Move your ass." The maiden removes her top revealing peaked biceps, vascular muscles. She sticks out her crotch to hold her partner down.

She takes off a few of her hair ornaments and her hair looks like fire blazing behind her back, it touches the floor. Her skin's smooth, her hips flare out below her skinny waist. She's short compared to the angel. She makes the jiggling angel look soft as she beats against her like a stone digging into sand. No matter how beautiful the angel is, her image of perfection was repeatedly ruined by the little girl's onslaught of lust.

Flap flap, her cock goes, her hair frizzes a bit more. A shining spark on the priestess's skin, yellow energy jumps from her to the angel, and she yelps. The girl grabs her mate's tits and leans forward bowling the angel over. Then laying across her back in luxury, she brushes her hair over her shoulder. A surprisingly girlish maneuver.

She looks like she's done, her dick flops out like a giant spring. The angel stutters, "D-did you c-cum? Ple-ease cum. Let me f-feel a-live." The girl's hand turns dark like she put on a glove and she extends her middle fingers, she finger blasts her for a few seconds and jerks her arm away throwing the girlcum from the angel in a final stylistic flare.

The angel stops climaxing repeatedly. The stream doesn't stop pouring out her though. "What is it? Is she alright?" Captain asks.

The dark-skinned angel explains with a serious face, "Fallen." The angel starts thrashing and yelling again. "External stimuli can release her corporeal vanity. She'll burn out without it."

This isn't how the human body works.

The fiery maiden puts her hand on this one's face, she's less noisy, but continues every other sign of being, "fallen", the fox breeder repeats.

The maiden turns to the shortie. "Suck." The shortie happily does so. "Good girl. Remember your master. Watch this."

She turns back to the angel. "Become a pillow." The angel extends her wings still in agony, and the girl reclines on her body like a loveseat.

She turns and pulls to her the angel with nipple rings and lace. She fucks really hard until the angel cums. "We prefer to term 'tame.' Her pussy can't take you in under control. And this." She slides her dick between the angel's tits and tweaks them. "They aren't afraid. They really do enjoy having their tits fondled. Don't you bitch? She's free to explore her body completely." The angel giggles.

The dark angel, imploring, "Only the fallen remember... nothing of the fall remains. Can you actually tell she likes it?"

Ominous, thinks Captain. After all that, and she's still willing to argue with the priestess.

The redhead flaunts her body, seated from her 'pillow' her shoulders shrug and she holds out her arms elbows bent showing her armpits. Her body's on display now, from the front, her hair gracefully shrouds her back in a wreath of fire. This turns on everyone. Her butt is firmly planted on a vibrating woman built like a sculpture. Her cock is wonderful to view and draws their eyes. There's not enough to explain what this meant to the onlookers. She was dominant over all life in her splendor.

She says, "Can't I tell?" Yeah. That was their answer. "Go to the monument and join your sister. Be thankful. My mother is wanting for guardians. Right mother?" not clear who she was talking to, the mother looks away, tries not to stare at her daughter like the rest. The one with nipple rings holds the other's hand. It becomes evident that her swollen nipples, leaking cunt, fresh tears, orgasmic contortions, is not nearly as good feeling as they were let on.

The girl's dick vanishes and she ties up her hair, a little looser without the ornamentation. She puts on her top hiding her muscles. The group relaxes. The deceptive image of a girl easily returns once her waistline is covered. Only her hips remain in view, womanly.

"Did I do a bad thing?" She asks. "She'll return to normal. And the guardians will take care of her. Right, mom?" This girl reassures them with her innocent smile. The two drop-outs leave. The fallen is shaking uncontrollably, like she could fall literally, without support.

Captain is thinking to herself hard. After what they just saw, is it alright to keep calling them angels and a girl? She's more like a swan that evolved with a feline's instinct to hunt. The girl says out loud, "Swan, I like that." Was she reading my mind? The girl's complexion doesn't change.

She asks out loud, "What do you call the angels?"

A couple of words come to her mind. She laughs while trying to hide it. What's wrong with her?

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 23: Blood Bimbos[/size][/u]

Captain's thinking about the fox breeder. She remains frantically on edge and a bit hostile when confronted.

The domination act, and the piercings removal must have spooked her far more than would have been expected. She referred to the resulting angel as fallen, but it doesn't resemble any human version of torture beyond the physical contact.

Captain is not really sure how much her new companion was worried. She didn't run away from the group. Should she ask?

The gang leader is beginning to feel like she's following the lead of a greater power at this point, uncertain of where they're all going to end up. There's a way out, somewhere. Isn't there?

They encounter a pair of dogs. The priestess assures them, "It's alright. Good boys."

There's a floating octopus. "Look out!" she sounds alarming them. "His dick's hard. It must be time for him to do it."

She stops them after they skirt past floaty-mc-big dick. "Hold on," she tells them. "I have to get the key and some things. We'll keep going." The girl wanders on alone.

She returns with three girls who look destitute. "Let me drop these off." She shoves one, 'dropping her off' at the octopus which snaps into action catching on her like a magnetic mine triggering. The other two are almost literally thrown to the dogs. They are pounced on and one after the other they obediently allow the transaction. A stream of ejaculate pours out the girl who's getting screwed by a floating octopus. "You gotta raise them loyal. Keeping them dependent on bitch-service and the like. The octo's blind. It gets on my nerves having him around, but it also keeps the boundaries in check." One dog vanishes and returns, the other dog, then their mates come back. The dogs go down the corridor patroling. "Let's go. They know what they're here for."

"Thank you... for letting us serve," only one offers thanks. The octopus lets go of his mate's head and tits and relaxes slowly letting the rest of her body free. They don't seem to be able to leave right away.

Captain sees there's some kind of elaborate puzzle. Are we in hell? she thinks. Fuck it. The horror. The countless nonstop fucking. Gods and goddesses screwing, what a pit of damn dank drudgery. I want that girl. I want that girl bad I feel terrible.

The maiden announces, "This is one of my favorite stops." Two more angels. They're fucking a huge black guy lying on his back. He looks paralyzed. Someone with a basket comes in to drip feed him and hands one angel preserves. She replaces a canteen of water.

The ninja perks up. That's my man, she wants to say it. He's... they're. She can't get the words out. Two skinny bitches are chain-banging my man! He can't fight. That isn't even fair!

The maiden, as though responding to someone, "He's enjoying a special treat. The two here are cooperative. See their control."

The ninja, (enviously!) "No he will not enjoy what's happening. Not without me."

The ninja fights the two angels. One tangoes with her, and the guy there is able to momentarily reach out. She's yelling to him, "Grab her tits. Grab her tits! Haiiii! ... Oh fuck! I'm cumming."

It turns out this was the wrong direction, the maiden has things to do. She explains the situation, "We'll be back. There's something here. I forgot. Hang in there!"

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 24: Empowering the Powerful[/size][/u]

Was shortie a bisexual?! thinks Captain. Where am I? This is completely different from what she was seeing a second ago.

She was alone.

Captain finds herself in an art gallery full of statues.

Gladiator, messenger, shortie-ninja. I recognize her. Prostitute, clever prostitute. I recognize her. A guy in a suit, a guy who's an ugly bastard, all the statues, meaningless. Pretentious. Insanity. At the end, there's a fleshy bible.

Something tells her she won't get out of here without it. Should she take The Tome of Internal Dankness? Yeah, like I have any other option. Get me out of here.

She takes it and...

Those fucking statues meant a whole shitload more to her now, am I right?

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 25: Pincer Maneuver[/size][/u]

Two girls.

They admire each other and touch each other carefully, because of how glamorous they look and they feel good looking at each other. They're in love with each other.

One with black hair wears earrings. Jewelry jingles while she moves. Her hair's black because she dyes it. She keeps it smooth with trimmed bangs. Her wings are red with black-dyed tips. She has stones embroidering her wings. She wears stockings on her hands and feet that resemble this black and red motif. She admires her friend, and she does back.

Her friend's face is spotted with gems that the maiden placed, they dare not remove them. The gems look funny on the side of her face, green and red.

As per usual, neither wear a whole bra nor have anything touch their breasts, because they have wings, because they're... you know.

They've decided to imitate the maiden in the hope she'll endear them. They wear a fabric strap like a belt around their stomach and frame their breasts with something tight and lacy.

Both their eyes are reddish with red eyeshadow.

Her friend admires her face which has gems that the maiden placed along her forehead and nose.

One wears long red-and-white spotted gloves and matching stockings. She has loops of white ribbons in her red hair. Her wings are light red with carefully bleached spots. The maiden removes her longest feathers regularly, the result is her wings appear half the size and she's crippled lightly. The base of her wings is bright like crimson. She wears something to cover her navel.

There's a thin white frame around her breasts, a gift from the guardians. She pretends it was given to her by the maiden out of kindness, but she was actually forced to wear something made from it over her nipples. The maiden ravages them in such a state often. This little bit of fabric was left behind after the intercourse. The maiden's fingers dug in and ripped the cover off her tits in a sexual frenzy. They need not tell each other she's aggressive in these matters.

One slips around the guy's thing and drains him, then the other. They wiggle and giggle while touching. She touches her shoulder. The other touches her lips or nose, and they fuck one guy at the same time.

"Hey. Hey, I want to do it on you. Again. Let's try." happily, one suggets. She pulls out with a jingle and the other takes him in. She turns around so her butt's facing her friend.

"That's dirty," she says, but her friend turns around anyways. "Put him in and do it this way." She finishes crushing it and slips him out, his cock goes in her friend. "We're not going to be seeing each other for a while."

Eager to try this maneuver as per usual, she turns around, and their butts touch. The guy cums and his cock slips out of one and right into the other and they ride it together. Their impressive control allows them to hand his dick to the other using only their mons and the suction of the labia. Her pussy grabs the tip of his cock and he's in before he even has the strength to resist.

"We should energize him again," says the black and red angel. "He cums two-hundred times in a row between fluid consumption periods, he must have the most energetic prostate ever."

They giggle and the one not currently in control with spots pours fluids onto him. Water, fruit, and she shoves his face in her pussy and makes him drink her.

"Men shouldn't bite my pussy. That's it, drink up."

She's feeding him, but her pussy tries to grab for something in his mouth. His tongue darting out. To herself, or that part of her, "Don't do that. That's not a dick. He's the type that has one good bit." She returns and touches her butt to her friend's. The cock-head smoothly transfers, she sucks him in and the other chants rejuvenating magic.

A girl comes up wearing silk woven in a familiar fashion. The eyes of the glittery angel quickly register the stitching of the temple's owner. She offers a thankful smile.

Before either can acknowledge the ninja's presence and make offers she tries to rail one, dragging her away from her boyfriend.

The girl who barged in might have training for extreme physical activity, but she's about two thousand years out of practice. The angel's self-defense removes her belt and deflect her attempt to cop a feel. They slap each other a little bit. Fail-nin yells for her hubby, "Grab her tits. Grab her tits! Haiiii!" Frontal attack! The woman, bent-over moments ago finds steady ground, is then redirecting the kinetic energy, is maneuvering her feet almost clean-sweeping the assailant, tripping her sideways on the floor. She's locked, and the angel's studded cunt is deep in her already, sucking her pussy in.

The angel relaxes, 'check,' one more false move and she's done. She allows her instinct to mate her opponent, cramming her girl-on-girl, she didn't even know how to escape. "Oh fuck! I'm cumming," the ninja cries. Checkmate. She looks for any other intruders. This nearly silent conflict minus the tingling chimes plinking along her body could mean more are coming. Should she extort or hurt the girl? No, she's weak. And then. Her clothes, this is another clever trick by Her. She won't fall for it!

All that in only a second. The maiden's voice chimes in from afar, rather than abscond. Her schemes have been more in the past, "We'll be back. There's something here. I forgot. Hang in there!" The maiden has trained her very well. This is a game. Games end badly for them. She must have sent this woman. Neither can hold the man alone. They held their partners now, for the last time.

The two angels are there. One with black-tipped wings, her pussy is frothing up something fierce. She explains to the other, "I'm holding a friend of the maiden. Try not to let him go. Huh. Uhh. I'm sorry, I can't take it." 

She has the ninja wrapped in her wings and thrusts, with a tinkle of chimes, forcing her to climax again. A geyser of girlcum erupts from the angel and her trinkets tinkle some more.

"I can't hold him like this any longer, this position is too funny. You should be helping me." Her friend's body quivers at the voice of the maiden, "Haw. Was that who I think it was? I can't. I'm.. I'm cumming." She quietly moans. "Oh, Oh, shit. He's gonna slip. Help." His dick pops out and he breathes a deep sigh of satisfaction as the woman above him squirts like a blowhole.

"No. Not you too. Don't cry," says the first. "We had a good time. Don't worry. There will be another." She doesn't slip off entirely, but there's an incredibly loud squelch releasing the suction from the ninja and her, between their vaginas.

The guy touches the bent-over angel's tit. "Huh. You quitting? What will I do with you nasty hoes now? I'm gonna make myself a nice..." The angel looks like she's been defeated. He sees his estranged girlfriend getting creamed with her leg held up. She is a mean trick. "I got her. You do you. I got her right where I want." He maneuvers her to doggystyle. He stands above the spotted wing. "Her body is something. Wazzap bitches? Bitch, they didn't let me do my thing. Now. I'm going to try something shiz nasty." His penis is hard. Her body is under him.

The angel speaks, "You can use my body in any way you desire."

"A'ight."

He screws her with one hand on her tit. From that, she's easily lost in the act. She forces her ass back into him to force his climax but it doesn't work. She doesn't hold him in either, it's so slippery, his cock slips out repeatedly. Like a regular woman. "Tight, damn. Woo yeah." His hands hold her tits firmly. It's not a problem, she's already feeling terrible, awful, disgusting, about this whole mess. She thinks he must really hate her, men always run away once the mating dance ends. He's so bad he's taking it out on her. It's a first for her. He takes his time and feels her tits which makes her body practically melt. Her sweet moistness is down her legs and in his hand. She can't help sticking her tongue out and panting. "Damn. Pussy swole 'an shiet." Intense throbbing heat surrounds his cock.

His estranged girlfriend finally comes too. She's comin'. There's a distinct sensation that she's in a tub with water jets hitting her privates. From her scissoring position, she's pretty helpless. She thinks it's coming out her dance partner, "What the heck! You're pissing on me! You pervert. Ah ah, what are you doing? I can feel you inside my pussy."

The angel shakes her head and her earrings jingle.  There's a squelch as the suction fails and she shakes her body. It keeps happening and she slips out. The woman is grinding, she's lost control, and can't find it. The spot she aims at is gone and there's nothing but flowing glistening juice. They can feel their asses getting wet and they slip together touching there.

The ninja's able to raise her leg above her head and break the opponent's grip. "Fucking finally," she says. She grabs the angel's leg and with her ass free it slaps into her open mouth. "Eat it bitch." To her shock, the woman does without hesitation.

What a sight. His woman's spreading her legs with another and then this happens. Her little butt is getting licked. He's fucking this one, he's got somethin', "Don't just make her eat your ass girl. Eat her back."

The ninja is awful ticklish there. Her ass is tender. After the centuries of oil and soft worms passing through.

From a more objective perspective, she's face down like she's getting piledriven while her rear-end takes a licking. "I'm a good girl," she tells her boyfriend. She does as she's told.

They rearrange their bodies so they've switched positions. The angel's pussy juices pour out on her face when she touches. "She's nasty. I think I'll drown."

He tells her what time it is, "Swim bitch. Haha."

A good deal of girlcum ends up covering her face within moments. White foam and jets spread over her chest. "This pussy's trying to fuck my mouth. How the fuck?" ninja problems talk. She sticks her tongue to 'fight back' hit it deeper. "Agku mmmh! Isssnmmf-" Choke. Gulp. She gets into a pace and breathes out her nose. It's like sucking the juice out of a waterskin.

She stops to breathe, and in a whisper says, "Why is this happening? I just got free. Why can't we make up sex..."

Her boyfriend comes up to them while she's complaining about girl jizz. He intentionally sounds super annoyed to rile her up, "Hooo. Make it rain. Make it rain." He shoves her face in it. He's feeling terrible, awful, just terrible, and he's gonna do it some more. He slips his cock between the pair. His hand on the woman in front's hair jingles a bit when he turns her head. "You suck dick?"

Hehehe. Hell yeah, what else was he going to think now?

Three girls slobbering on one black dick. What a sight. Now that his cock's next to their face, he's in his element. He's got some things to say, "Let me take a look at-chu guurls." One on the left has her hair tied behind in ribbons. He puts his hand between the loops they form in the back of her head. His girlfriend's on the right so he grabs her ponytail, his hand's up against the scrunchie holding it. It's silk, they just made it. The one in front looks like she's got a good lesson to give to him. The jewels on her face move enhancing her expression. He talks to her, "Look at that nasty face. You got something to say, talk to me." Two rub their lips along his shaft. He pushes them together to make them 'kiss' while they're trying to suck. "All the way down." with his eyes on miss jewelry and trinkets at the tip of his cock, he meant it for her. The others look up and they're only momentarily jealous. Her black wingtips flick behind her. She moves carefully to avoid letting her tits touch his legs.

After she gave him what she had planned, the woman turns around and drips like a leaky pipe onto the end of his cock. The other two deal with it getting in their faces. He helps her lower onto him, it felt like the right thing to do. The two take turns cleaning off her excess girlcum. His girlfriend doesn't produce so much even when he's fucked her. He has them all turn so he can take a good look, that spotted angel with ribbons is looking ready. He's got priorities.

He gets up and forces his cock down his girlfriend's throat. She gets down into a comfortable kneeling position. He tells her, "I told you. You get what you want. I get this." He says "you get what you want" a few more times until he's calm. She stares back, wanting it. The group comes in during this beautiful moment.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 26: Mindshaft[/size][/u]

In the middle of this happening, the young maiden says, "That gift of yours. I will use it." The young maiden presses her pussy to the spotted angel's lips and grows her cock down the woman's throat. Everyone sees her choking and the dick emerges full mast from her mouth slowly. She declares, "I love my loyal subjects." Then she flicks the angel's nipple. "I grant you all a gift. The next time a cock is forced down your throat, you'll you'll have an orgasm like none you'll experience again without. You'll dream of sucking cocks for the rest of your life like she does." She shoves her cock back in the angel's throat. She whines at first. When it looks like she'll gag again  her body goes limp, changing her tune, she lets the dick slide all the way in. She squirts out even more of her pussy juice and gives in completely letting out a bellow and cumming, and cumming... What the fuck kind of gift is that?

It's like she's watching her first time getting throat fucked. "Wow can I?" (muffled) The ninja puts her hand up to her face and remembers she's still blowing his big dick. It's beautiful. She swallows her boyfriend's cock and her body gives up all of it. She rolls her tongue around savoring the sensation, if he came now it'd be exactly the same, she swallows repeatedly, her last effort to try to force him to cum. She finishes him. She slips off and asks, "Can I cum like that? Really?"

The red maiden knowingly smiles and takes the black-tipped angel aside and whispers to her. She nods and both angels leave the way the group came from. She explains, "She should only service the men if they ask. It'll be a pleasure beyond nature." She pantomimes zipping her mouth shut. "She can't talk about it. It's a secret." She looks at the boyfriend. "This is an all-girl party. We can't give away all our secrets. You can go, too."
 
"You have a di..." On second thought, "dig it. I dig." He goes with the two angels.

About ten minutes along the walk, he steps in front of the angel with black wing-tips. "You gon' suck my dick." He forces his cock down the angel's throat to make her cum. "Just like that, I made you cum before anyone else. Remember, it's a secret." They continued sharing his dick orally until he got his fill. He's thinking, Man, this is way different from the last time the two were at him.

They go down a long path, extremely aware of this dangerous child's evil intentions. She could violate their throat giving them a debilitating orgasm with her cute girlcock. 'Oh no that would be terrible,' they're all thinking it. They find some jail cells, and the girl stops. Telling them, "This is where we part for now. Come over here, mother." Her mom's split from the group with her.

"Show them", she tells the men and women in their cells.

They come over to the bars and take out their cocks. Men and women, a dozen with big dicks. The women in the group are mesmerized, their bodies ache. They want to- "Give them head. You're already imagining it. You can't force it. Let them shove it in or you won't get what you want." She says it and two leave them, like that.

They're left there, painstakingly coaxing the people behind bars to get rough. The gang leader gets down on her knees and has a killer girlboner of her own while she begs for it. She's sucking on a girl with bony knees, and a fat cock. "You can. Push it in further," she reassures her. She can't imagine why she'd suck on a cock. It's happening, she'll make it give every last bit. She's already so horny. On her left, the fox breeder got a futa partner like hers. She's pursing her lips and holding the shaft with the tips of her fingers. Does it feel better like that? On her right, the ninja has got her partner to grab her head and force her down. Her eyes are looking up as high as possible. Her arms limp. It's possible the silk has already soaked through. She returns to hers and sucks on the futa's ballsack. "I want you to cum in the back of my throat. Can you do it?" She tries to speed things up, maybe she should have gotten a man like shortie has.

One after another, the futas blow huge loads of cum in their face. Four for each woman. The angel doesn't deepthroat a single one, maybe she's too good at giving head.

Captain thinks she's dying. She got one good. Her girlcum rushes out like a faucet while she swallows. The nutsack touches her bottom lip and chin. Her arms fall to her side and her abs contract one last time at the precipice of climax before she falls forward a few more centimeters, her upper lip touching the base. All she can do is swallow repeatedly now, the cum output and the loss of her own body barely concerned her. Look at me, no hands. She needs to get her revenge on that little bitch with a dick and her little mother. She never messed up her pants like this before.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 27: Get that Little Bitch[/size][/u]

The group comes out of the prison block and enters a corridor.

They discover an angel down on the floor with her wings out, passing out, coughing. She's naked, with barely any traces of clothes but stockings and a pile of torn-up fabric in the corner. Her hair's messed up. There's a rope on her ankle. Loads of cum pour out her ass and her pussy is squirting and foaming. She wants to scream. Don't look at me. I'm hideous. The profane mental miasma of this temple intensifies.

Captain offers to help, "We could give her some sexual healing."

They go to her and rub her body until she's feeling better. They give her hugs and nestle with her in a group. Then one of them asks her, "Who did this?" certain she already knew, Captain wanted to hear it.

She said, "Master." Then she offered some encouragement. "Make me cum. I need more." She looked like she was longing for a little more heavy petting and loving.

Multiple girls rub her clit. Her overflowing wet entrance issues forth and she doesn't try to fight. Her body is rocked back on the dark angel as they work together to bring her to climax.

"You'll feel better now, ok? Don't cry," says the fox breeder.

Worms show up in the cave from out of a hole in the floor. Three worms, three women.

They go one-on-one with their opponents until one grabs the ninja. She is taken off guard, another that was supposed to face Captain changes targets and forces its way in her mouth. The curse kicks in and her body goes limp. She lets out a death rattle she tries to scream so loud with her throat stuffed. A worm passes through her one end and out another shoving her panties aside, this is somehow humiliating and erotic to watch. They were never told just how deep a deepthroat could be.

The angel is flexing her pussy repeatedly trying to defeat one she 'caught' and its ejaculation blows up her womb. The leader is free to cast enchantments strengthening them. They're able to scare off two and watch as the ninja flails about. The line of fresh jizz strings from her anus to its path of escape tell the story too well.

Next. In a big room, there's a very big man. There's a woman helping a skinny girl try to insert one of his enormous cocks. She can't fit even one. "Hey stop that," Captain calls out to her. They come over. "How would you like it if something so... so big." He's a goliath.

Captain puts her hand on him, the ninja and the angel, they all have the same idea. Her eyes are showing their excitement as she stares down his body. The guy puts his hand on Captain and brings her to his mouth for a kiss. His tongue! She gives herself into it. Her pussy overflows. It flexes and cums down her throat.

The girl they were abusing gives Captain a hug while she ragdolls. 'Thanks.' The other two girls play with his two huge dicks. The fox breeder is able to mate him. He gets on all fours. He's built like a horse. He fucks the angel, the ol' one-two, she lets him. She does her thing, and the other two girls share his tongue until the angel's shooting cum out her mouth. The curse is making her cum and her pussy forces out another orgasm draining his strength quickly.

Next corridor. There's another angel, laying on her side. The image of a woman stolen from her bed in a gown. Bare breasts. Dragged to this dark place, ravaged, and left here. Cum squirting out of her as her body twitches. She's ok, but this is starting to become a normal occurance.

"Hey let's help her, too," Captain volunteers. They proceed to get comfortable. The angel takes Nin and seduces her stroking her ear. They start kissing.

Captain's left with the dark angel. They have time to consider eachother's feelings. Watching, the angel goes down on shortie and start eating her out. Captain says, "This is like something you said you'd do." She tries to play off that comment. Not intended to be an invitation. "No I'm not telling you you have to. We're good friends."

That's not going to fly, the fox breeder thinks. Her trained feelings while partnered, they told her the woman wasn't joking. She was as much in need as the angel. She kisses Captain and works her face against her neck and chest all the way down feeling her clit. She reminds her, "You've been hurt. Let me make it better." She uses her mouth on Captain, then laying her on the floor, she probes her with her tongue. The two women receiving have climaxes.

The fox breeder takes the angel. She has one last thing, she's wanted to try for so long. It doesn't work on most humans but... she stuffs the angel's mouth with her nethers. In a few seconds the woman eating her out sprays girlcum out her mouth and her own pussy as they both appear to climax.

Captain saw. She asks, "Did you just make her cum by fucking her mouth?" The angel knowingly smiles. Her partner remains still with girlcum all over her face and dripping out her own, as she enjoys being the object of attention.

It worked. The ninja comes licks her off and then cleans her pussy the same. And Captain, feeling it necessary, cleans the fox breeder the same.

They find a group of animals. When they try to get past they're stopped. They want something. Captain decides, "I think we have to have sex with them. Fox girl, that one's yours. If you want to suck it off be my guest. This snake is mine. Ninja, this is your chance to pleasure a psychic jellyfish." They certainly do.

Captain's snake slips into her clothes and she's quickly being tickled like crazy. Having lost it already he slips around her naked underneat and manages to grind into her clit. She's grabbing him and he forces a hard object into her and slips his lower half inside. She's really having sex with a snake?! He gets most of his body folded up inside her pussy and sinks fangs in her inner fold of her butt. She screams in surprise but also finishes with a climax. "That shouldn't have felt so good," she protests.

The fox breeder commandingly tells her mate, "Present your goods. Let me take a look. A female?" The fox shapeshifts. "A kitsune, you will not feed today." She forces the woman with a fox tail against a wall. With her wings and arms her opponent is no match. She locks them together finding the spot and pushing hard. The kitsune grits her teeth and pants until she rolls her eyes up and slumps against the wall. Having already won, and nothing to do, she kneels down and eats the kitsune out. It takes a little time but she's able to pleasure her orally like this until the rest of the group is done. The kitsune has a few toe-curling squeals of joy about the abuse she's received and stops trying to fight her new master, tame. The angel switches places and gives the kitsune a girlgushing oral facelift.

The ninja gets fucked in every hole while the jellyfish works her like a puppet. Unlike most things, he doesn't fuck her in the coital sense. The sting of the jellyfish brought her to orgasm immediately. She took on positions inviting him for penetration but he had no need, he totally dominated her body through force of willpower after that. She was crying shrill mercies as he felt the last inch of her leg and floated off.

After catching their breath they go. They enter someplace new and low and behold there are four women tied up.

Captain is already worried at this point, "I don't think we need to do anything." One of the women turns over, "I need cum." They're all incredibly perverse!

"We have none. We're all girls here."

A woman says, "We have to drink cum. Please. I beg you."

This is so sexy, they're begging for men to breed with them. "Alright. I'll get you something."

Captain summons a djinn, this surprises everyone.

A large, cavernous male with blue veins of energy trailing through him. She says, "This is what you want right? Go for it."

They look startled at his appearance, tied up they can't do much. They consent to be used. After fitting one into his chest cavity he goes to work on the other three. It was hot enough seeing them beg for more. Then his things reached the back of their throat. An orgasmic symphony ends with the women falling limp. The tentacles coming out their mouths and ass.

Captain has issues to inquire about and she does, "They came from the throat fucking. She's cursing everyone?"

He lets the woman lean out of his chest cavity as he slowly retracts the tentacle through her mouth and cums in every cavity of her body.

The ninja is horny talking, "I think I... nevermind." She tries to hide it. Another man like this would be to her liking.

The tied-up women approve of their cum donor.

The fox breeder hasn't stopped looking at Captain. "When did you... how did you summon such a fucking huge babe out of thin air?" she asks. In all seriousness she could bring about her complexion she looks stern. "I have to screw men just to get one itty-bitty fox baby to come out."

The group reaches a strange place. It magically summons djinn, goliaths, and a male shade that runs away. After sucking them off, the angel's much less impressed. "We've found the boyfriend dispensor."

Ninja laugh. They figure it out, the angel blesses, "Bitch you know something don't you? Go find the last effigy."

She's forced to look for that, she encounters a scorpion that grabs and forces her to another realm. Facefull of his tail. She returns to the party. "I got stuck in that place again. I'm almost falling in love," she talks about her strange epiphany she's had. "Don't you think it'd be cool to have a guy that would use you like a cumdump? No hear me out. Wouldn't it be really cool if you could just meet the same guy from time to time and you wouldn't have to care about anything. You just met for sex." She's not getting through to them, she gives up. She's trying to tell them, so many creatures want to satisfy their sick instincts regardless of viable offspring. It's not something everyone can deal with. That's what it means to be a heroine.

They place the final two pieces of the puzzle.

A hidden alcove opens, within it they find. "What is this?" Captain takes it. A phallic wand with ribbing. It's enchanted and look, there's a gallant knight etched right on the side. "What do you think? Do you want to stick this in your pussy and tell me how it feels shortie?"

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 28: New Love[/size][/u]

On their way over to the next challenge, Captain found a spell. Its description is it "makes lovers feel like strangers" or some nonsense. Its instructions came with it.

A woman wearing white armor sits on her armored horse. A regular horse, pretty looking. She pets him. She kinda pretty woman says, "You can never break through. Our bond is unshakable. Like this barrier. We won't be shaken in our resolve. There's nothing for you here."

Captain fills in the blank, "I'll cast that new spell on her." It works on the rider. She dismounts and after bashfully removing her armor pieces revealing her tits to her horse, she's better looking naked by the way, she sucks at his cock. Her love for this horse she just met is unbearable and once he's erect she takes him like a mare in a stable. They had fixture for mating right there. "Did she set up that stable ahead of time to do this anyway?" Captain asks. The forcefield goes down and the horny girls all come to fawn over the buck. He's a very obedient horse.

Ninja asks, "What was the point in coming this way? It was a dead end. It's like a maze now. We're lost."

[.I want this.] The beautiful young maiden is letting down her red hair. She's in a bathtub screwing a handmaid who hasn't removed her hair ornaments. The woman resembles her but her breasts are bigger, her eyes are blue, her hair is black, her form is fuller.

A soldier is pining away. He lazily flaunts his disdain for them, as Captain deciding not to risk it, asks "Let me guess. We can't get past without permission?" He seems not to care, but after persistently asking he responds,

"No. Go ahead. I was told to warn you that you will be destroyed if you interrupt her bathing." Two of the girls step forward,

"Take me!" All simultaneously propositioning him, "What?" The angel grabs him and fucks him immediately, a fox baby is summoned.

[.I want this.] Her lovely maiden's cock penetrates the lustful female servant under her. They both appear to be in heaven. She's really enjoying it.

She runs a finger over her face and the servant bites her lower lip. Their hips grind together. Then she puts her hands around her servant's mouth and pushes her head under water. This makes the handmaid very horny. The girl continues fucking her while she holds her breath.

The fox breeder, post-sex voice and all, tells them the story she's been keeping secret, "Her mother wasn't used by the guardians, ever. Her mother's with Yakre, her thrall. That's why her vessel was never used, not a single time. They can't be trusted.

"I hate-fucked her to submission for so long, my plan worked. It prevented her escape. Her daughter is an anomaly. A hybrid of some kind. A human. An ancient. Neither. She shouldn't exist.

"Her mother and I, we made a deal. I'd let her raise her daughter if she kept her thoughts closed. And it worked. I kept her busy, we argued when the sun came through, I stayed in control. I mastered the art of female pleasure. She learned new ways to lose herself that never existed before.

"It only made her stronger. Leave me here. I can't help you like this. She and her daughter are monsters."

Nude already, on top of a guy, her pussy squirts and the cum runs out. She gets down and gives his cock a lick as if she has nothing else to do. He helps put it in deeper. Her arms go limp, giving in, stuff pours out her like an aquifer split open and her tits brush against his legs, then her body shakes losing the last of her remaining dignity. The floor gets very messy.

Captain berates her, "You're giving up like that? You think you can't win and you just give up and shoot your load?"

"You're gonna keep him to yourself?" Nin comes close to putting her face in there before asking for some. Captain's afraid she'll be left out. She gets down and they all suck dick together. There's something she hasn't tried yet.

Captain casts a five-step enchantment to make her lips feel sweeter. This gets a big reaction from the angel as well, they kiss and suck his dick. The ninja wants in, "I can cast it too. A weaker version." She shares the cock.

The angel has the cock wrested from her and she says, "Look. I'm useless. I'm wet. Leave me alone so I can blow in peace. I've earned this."

Captain and her shortie Nin go on. Next is a corridor which makes them really horny. Enough they want to do it. The two girls touch eachother stimulating a climax. With a little magic, they can protect themselves.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 29: Brain Teaser[/size][/u]

Two enter the chamber of guardians. Now there are three girls there.

It has been converted into a spa full of hot tubs. In the corner rests the maiden, alone, shining skin, her eyes are closed. [Get in.] They could use a rinse. The two girls get in and casually begin washing.

(You're relaxed. Tell each other your hidden feelings.)

Captain has no reason to, but she thinks, I have to tell her. It's time to come clean. She gives her friend a pat on the shoulder, then tells her, "I met you when you were getting bloated by giant worm semen in a repository full of lesbians. I couldn't imagine what you really looked like until the helpless expression left your face.

"I thought you were a lesbian because we ate out that angel's pussy together. Now I've gotten to know you as a person. Now we have a thing in common.

"You're so good at sucking cock. Like your boyfriend's... No. I didn't mean I like your boyfriend... I am not asking if I can suck his cock. You have good taste in men."

The ninja continues the same topic, "I thought you were extremely kind to help us all out. That's the type of person I believe you are.

"Watching you go off sucking dick at the cell block, I enjoyed watching that. We can share my boyfriend's cock sometime later. You got a good look at it right? It's big.

"And hey. We ate that angel's pussy as a team."

(Captain, you're going to dream. Let me see how you respond during this situation.)

[You're outside alone in front of...]

Captain is walking outside. There's a breeze and he notices he's naked. He doesn't know where he is, surrounded by small houses, he's at the front yard to one. He can only ask for help or wait there, naked. His feet are bare and scraping the pavement is uncomfortable.

He walks up to the door and notices his hands are small. The door opens and a girl taller than him lets him in. She's cute.

"Come in," she quickly offers. "You shouldn't stay out there like that." He's brought in and someone else hands him a coat. Green eyes, he thinks.

"Are you alright?"

"Yes." truthful, he's ok but he has nowhere to go.

"Is that right?"

There's a mother and a daughter, yellow-green eyes. He's grateful. His erection gives away his other feelings.

He grows up and kisses the girl he met that day. Soon full-grown, he's still short. Soon a proper age to court her, he's much shorter than the girl. He has to tilt his head up while they make out. Without hesitation, the young woman takes him to bed. She takes off his pants and sucks on him there like dirty fantasy. It's amazing.

He lies in bed after. She gets in with him. He can't stand looking at her after, not without getting another boner. They have intercourse for several hours without a care. Her skin is shining golden yellow naked in his lap.

She lets him get on her. When he's close to orgasm he can't move. She helps by taking him out and giving him head until he can no longer stay awake.

One day, in the kitchen, he says "hello" to the mother. The girl from behind him reaches into his pants. "He likes it," she says so to her mother. His erect dick liked her, but there's also her mother so... He stares at her erect nipples behind the cloth. She pulls up her shirt.

"Does he like these?" he nods answer her question. The handjob nearly finishing him then and there.

The mother gets on her knees and looks up at him. Green eyes. What does she want? His sperm flies out onto her face. She then sucks his cock deep, so deep, it feels so good it hurts he's shouting from the excruciating depth of her he's impossibly long from the feeling of it—

(hang on)

—In time, he's introduced to clothed sex with both women and they agree on a threesome.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 30: Funk[/size][/u]

At the spa, formerly the guardian's lair. The priestess is awake, across the room. She's been sensing an ominous power.

Hang on, she spells. What do you have there? she asks Captain. Show it to me, she entreats. Captain takes the dildo out and it vibrates with power. What is that? she has to ask nobody in particular. To the maiden, it's a plastic thing, something used by powerful women in the Amazon's army, the shape of a fallen soldier's cock with some additions.

The two girls are sitting there. They haven't moved. The ninja looks asleep.

The fiery maiden has been exerting willpower, control of Mind, forces of the ancients that have not been trifled with before her birth. It's her right.

I want this. She thinks of the dildo. Captain gets out of the tub. She comes over and enters the tub with the maiden. She holds the dildo out to the maiden who takes it. It was real. She wasn't expecting that.

It's imbued with a powerful enchantment. Who could have done this? she asks to no avail. This isn't real, she denies. It's still there.

She wants her to feel this while she pleasures herself. Almost as good as making it happen.

She forces the other woman's face to her crotch and enjoys the forced cunnilingus. She puts the dildo near the woman's entrance from behind. She then materializes her cock. The woman enjoying the dildo is forced to cum choking on girldick. The life-ending climax makes bubbles foam at her mouth and the maiden cums down her throat with her steel grip on the back of the woman's head. She lets go, the woman's face very tired, she lets her rest a moment.

She's helpless. I'll deal with this thing first. The priestess certainly looks severe about the 'unknown' she's holding in her fist.

A blue-energy cock. Well crafted. A symbol of a knight. This power isn't aligned with the redhead, yet. However, in the past she's been successful in her attempts to [forget that]. Can she wield it? It's tempting. She places the dildo below her cock and connects the base with a little special something she has there. For all intents and purposes, it's the same as a man's... She has two cocks now.

She puts the dildo in the other woman facing her and her dick slides along the front of her mate who's showing signs of enjoyment. They speed up. The dildo vibrates bringing her to climax with Captain.

So easy. If she were more difficult to please, this could have been fun. She wants to hurt her. She turns her around, ass to her front and she reorients the dildo. She will fuck her ass for the thrill of it.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 31: Bzz[/size][/u]

He's fucking his foster mother when his girlfriend enters. She's upset and storms out.

He really can't understand, "What's wrong? We always have sex."

"Mother shouldn't take you without asking," she says it getting farther away.

"Sorry. I'll come to you."

He pulls out of her mother and chases the girl he loves. She has to see him with his wet cock apologizing. There's no question in her mind, she'll accept his apology. "It's ok." she accepts. She stands against the wall pants lowered. "Put it in."

Does she want that? She lets him finish in her.

The older woman gets in the shower to help wash him. His girlfriend will come in the shower too after a few minutes but they can do this much. Being teased by both of them, they do this often. He forces her mother to suck his cock after not ejaculating for so long. He swears, "I'll cum down your throat and she won't find out." But she's there.

"No. Use this instead," she shows him what 'this' is. Like a dream. Her anus. She's getting aggressive. Impulsive. Lewd. "My mother can't satisfy you. This can." He slides in easily.

"You lubricated while you listened to us?" he asks.

It doesn't matter. She wants to steal every last orgasm he has. Even those her mother worked hard to earn. This cruel game lasts for months until the two women make up.

In the young woman's bedroom, she's on her bed. She says to her lover, "I have a surprise." She's holding a dildo against her mom. "Watch." Two in bed. It vibrates bringing both of them to climax respectively. "Your turn." Two in bed. Now three.

The maiden helps her lover with the dildo. Captain eats out the redhead, then a cock slides down her throat in the act. She chokes and falls limp her girlcum shooting out as the thing buzzes inside her. "Turn around for me," the priestess says. With anticipation for deeper penetration she does. From this position, the maiden double penetrates her and cums in her ass.

That's what she wanted, the maiden knows. Captain wanted to be screwed like this since she first got here. She'll have to spell a few changes to the scenario in her victim's mind and end this with them as lovers.

Something's wrong. "It's not happening. What's wrong?" she says to her newhalf. The power of the dildo is clashing with him. Her cock vanishes and she drops the dildo in the tub. Vrrr. Her strength is gone, her connection to Zeth is interrupted because of the risk she took. She slips under in the tub. This woman will be furious. She'll fuck her in return. It's written. She didn't prepare for this. "Oh fuck." She smiles, with the words, "Do you love me?" She hopes so. She'll go easier on her that way.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 32: Brain Eraser[/size][/u]

As she predicted, Captain recovered and found a helpless woman. The firmness of her muscles was somehow gone.

Captain snatches up the dildo and violates the woman who took her like that. Fucked her ass. Like that. Made her cum orally to all those things. Then made her, do her. What a crazy bitch. She turns her around and spanks her as the dildo buzzes her.

Her eyes rest on the blade, speaking his name, "Balto." Not enough, she pantomimes doggystyle sex staring at the girl's glowing ass. Not having a cock, the dildo only bumps forward a little. "A summoned tentacle up your ass will make you feel everything." After making the girl cum she slaps her ass. Her body's soft and she squeals. "Stop! Don't. You'll see." she heard it, and she said it out loud. She can hear it in her mind. "I'll see every last bit of you if I want. I'll do it I'll make one right now."

No you'll see. Don't look! Don't. No. Get off me.

Are these memories? Are these fantasies? They're mine. Get out. There she is with a dozen angels in view. This is the monument she'd—

—This is the monument I'd build. She looks across the gallery. This is the complete regime. There she is with a hundredfold servant angels. She's violated them. She's broken them. This is 'what I want,' they obey. They're controlled by fear and desperation. They are all willing to give their bodies to provide for even my regressed thoughts. In four thousand years there's never been so many in one place.

She spanks the girl's ass again. Stop. —I'm using up the women serving the temple. I line them along and milk them. I feel naughty, I'm tying them down them down. Not all of them. I have an erection, they have the shape I like.

Stop looking into me. Stop touching me. —Is this how I demand loyalty? The angels beg for mercy. She's relentless. If they deny her she tames them. "Wear this," I demand. I give the angel a strap of leather like a belt. She understands the meaning, the angel doesn't want it and tries to return it.

Her smokey eyes, she's been crying for... years, "Please don't make me."

I'm forcing angels to cover their tits, and not out of modesty. I force [her unwanted] servants—

No. No, they're not my servants, they're hers. The angels are her unwanted servants. She slaps the girl's ass. —There I am at the stalls where the angels get milked, I'm slapping their asses (just like I'm slapping hers). I have an erection. (Worse. It gets worse,) I want to hurt them. I'm envious. They're with Him and Her. I'm with Him and 'Her.' One by one I continue screwing each one. "You get milked, I get milked." The women without wings watch over the angels. "Go ahead. I know you want to." The girl I refer to puts her clit in the angel's mouth. Suck—

—Smack. I have an erection and I want to fuck her tits. "Wear this," I demand. I've been decorating this angel. Her upper body is shining from precious gems and smooth stones she added.

"I'd be pleased to serve you," she bows as she's saying that, offering all of it.

Yes, but what about... "This? Put it on," I repeat.

The angel takes the strap and hesitates. She has bowl-cut hair and a hairband, straight black hair. Her wings are clipped to extreme shortness making them look more like a butterfly shape. My beautiful work. She puts the belt around her tits. The big fat nipples aren't quite covered.

I help pull at the belt and snap it into place, facing her front, tight.

She bows and doesn't move. I see down the crack of her tits, despite never having to do this maneuver they are still very good at presenting the assets. I put my hand on the back of her head, she opens her mouth expecting to suck my cock. I pull her head back bringing her cavernous rack close.

"Please. Don't," she shouldn't have said that. I put my hand on her face to see if she'll fight. Her makeup is faux Egyptian, the rubies and onyx line up nicely. I bring her forward and my cock slips down between her soft tits. I could demand a titjob. I put it all the way in so her chin touches my naval. Where are her hands? Shaking like leaves.

"Squeeze your arms together and make me feel it."

Her shoulders move forward on command. I pump in and out watching her face. Her eyes close tight. "Look at me." If she won't cum from a forced titjob then she'll pass out first. There have been many... I can't recall ...

She's breathing harder. She finally opens her eyes. I ask, "Do you love me?" She's not able to talk. Her arms buckle and her legs kick out of her control. My hand is steady our eyes are locked. "Tell me how you feel." At this moment I can sense the rage in her mind, passion, the angel wants to rape me. "You want to fuck me like you would an ordinary man." Her eyes closed, puffy, streaming tears.

Her conscious thoughts have ceased. I rest the angel on her back. I stand at her head facing her legs. I put my cock between her tits. I fondle them and see them move under the restraint. After pumping for a while I cum, covering the woman's lower midsection. Her belly acts as a reservoir but it still travels past into her crotch. The angel's body responds to the semen, her legs jerk, not understanding something so unnatural happening to it. I undo the belt to let her rest completely.

I tilt her head back and dip the head of my cock into the waiting mouth and make it vanish. Her face is rubbed into my pussy until I'm clean. This one comes to me again soon. I feel terrible, awful, I'm a bad, bad girl. But she's worse!—

She returns to her current course of action, screwing the priestess with spells. Tentacle? No. Where's her dick. She remembers having a dick. She fucked angels. The memory is too much pleasure. She takes the dildo and intends to simulate that delicious experience on this woman. The only thing missing is the big tits. The front of her body isn't buxom. She notices her own tits. Those were not her mammaries. The priestess is finished, the rough intercourse has worn her out. It was impossible to tell if the girl came while both were deep in hers/her their thought, in their memory. She makes an audible sigh while giving the girl in front of her a hard squeeze on her ass and seeing what she did. She feels terrible, awful, real-bad. Smack!

She sees the ninja passed out. Where did the maiden's mother go? (find her fuck her) She was never here though. That was a dream. There are no worms. The angel's fears didn't come true.

Time to leave, she tells herself.

She wakes up her friend. "Hello. What are we doing? How can I help?"

She comes closer, Captain asks, "Can't you remember? We were brought here by her."

"Do I know you? I don't think I..."

She has total amnesia, there's no other explanation. Captain hugs her friend, then returns to the maiden, wand ready. "We aren't done yet. You have to give her back." The girl's too exhausted to respond.

She uses red energy to jumpstart her, forcing a response. "Ah!" She twitches, her body's highly susceptible. She doesn't do anything useful in response. She's taken out of the bath.

Captain tells her friend, "She's coming back with us. Come with me" The girl who forgot everything doesn't argue.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 33: Escape From Reality[/size][/u]

When they return, the smoking hot dark angel's having sex with two men. She looks like she's in reverse-cowgirl moving on her own, her tits are being manhandled by a clothed uniformed camo man. She's furiously sucking dick too long not to be tickling her reflexes. Either of those things right now and Captain understands, she's not pleasing these men the way she usually would, they're doing her.

The forget-nin comes over and touches the soldier while he's getting sucked off. She touches his penis. She's a little too comfortable with exploring his body already. The woman deepthroating it manages a pleasant gurgle and swallows. Her pussy grips the guy below, he's a shade, she has him pinned. It's not clear how they ended up like this.

Captain says, "Come on, we have to go now."

The soldier slips out her mouth and the fox breeder says, "He's cumming. Don't make me." The shade's smokey breath offers no hint of his orgasm or enjoyment.

Captain waits patiently as she works it out of him. After, she asks, "Ready yet? We're leaving. She'll show us the way out." Indicating the priestess. The fox breeder's surprised but not displeased by what she sees.
   
They pass the four tied-up women, plus one djinn servicing them on the way out. "Wow look at that cutie," they catcall. Sure, a lot of them are cute.

"You have a cute redhead there. She looks like... ha! It is. Let us take care of her! We want to return the favor she gave us."

"No," the maiden tries to stop it. "Don't leave me with them."

Now that she's in her weakened state, they would love nothing more but to violate the girl who betrayed them. They give the redheaded girl to the women and the blue djinn there. She's forced to endure a slow full-body sexual congress from all five of them.

Even after that. She still claimed she can't return the ninja's memories. The blue vibrator is employed to great effect, just to be sure.

Past the jail, they stop by the armored horse and prepare the maiden to endure a five-foot-long fuck. They tie her hands to a stable. The wood's high enough she has to stand on her toes or she'll be tugging at her wrists. "Return the ninja's memories," says the sexy gang leader. She can't. They enchant the horse with the strongest spell granting him infinite power. Unknown to them he becomes 'that guy,' his desire is that of a century.

He uses his tongue to wet her clit and slide it in. He can't fit his cock in. The feeling makes her jump. He uses his tongue and sucks at her anus. She lets out a shriek of joy spreading her feet apart and twisting to let him in.

He goes to her front where her hands are and puts his shaft in-between her arm. She hugs his cock and he tongue-fucks her ass some more. Her back arches. He grabs her clothes and drags her head closer to the base of the shaft. He backs up and inserts his penis in her mouth. Black tears run out her eyes like running eye shadow and her pussy erupts from the curse. Yes, that curse. She granted it to 'everyone', which means her too. Her body goes limp and she swallows it down deeper. He slides it all the way through to her stomach and squirts his cum inflating her. Her ass fills with corrupt energy, some of it escapes her mouth when he takes it out.

He goes around to her other side and repeats while she screams with joy. She puts her feet together enduring the pleasure. Her skin turns deep red from her orgasm and her womb inflates. She's prepared to birth his fowl and stay there as his cocksleeve. She's ready to say it. Her perversion was immensely heightened by her defeats. The purple essence makes her red hair frizz, like it's standing up. He uses her pussy to give her the ultimate gift of a child.

A voice. Someone's talking.

In the study, the person hearing this is experiencing intense feelings at the moment. The incredible tingling sensation in a woman's mouth. He can't sit still. Her throat works while she sucks up who knows how much and her tongue runs around the tip like she's looking for every salty bump on his dick.

Someone walked in and gave some exacerbating exposition that could have been less impactful. And he came. Then he came to his senses. Someone's been speaking to him while he's half asleep. "Woah. Woah. That's not in the tome. They never forced her to do that." 

She's in a proper maid-outfit, bunnygirl. The maid has big nipples, a familiar face, and a fit body. "Don't you remember me?"

He responds, "Aunt, this is amazing, you're here." Sucky-suck intensifies. Oh god my dick, she's sucking after I came.

She puts her hand on the goddess giving head, "That's right. Everything will be alright. Just give yourself to us." She kneels on the other side. Double blowjob, as it is written, he thinks. Her face changes, her hair's red, she's a dead ringer for the Dread Witch suddenly. The meaning of the blowjob is different like this. "You can stop reading. The rest of the chapter is nonsense and the time is near." She shares the cock.

He has to say it, "Is this happening?"

The woman elaborates, "They make the skinny slut fuck two other horses. She never forgives them. You won't get the truth from that." Huh.

He can't believe it. He refutes, "You're not really her. You're from the maid service. This is some elaborate sexual fantasy. Keep going."

He's trying really hard to think, I'll read, with the two women working the skin of my shaft I can barely concentrate. When something touches the tip my imagination inflates. I'm going to cum again.

'They encounter two goliaths.' He stops reading immediately, to tel her, "This must be the horse you mentioned, it's here." They giggle and sensually bring their tits to his shaft working together. He keeps reading.

"There's only one way past," says the angel, offering her mouth and body.

Then Captain pushes the maiden forward, offering her body, threatening her, "Give us back our memories or there's four more cocks and they'll take you at the same time."

Firey, blazing green eyes, illuminating yellow body. The priestess says, ["Not this time."] The two girls in the group defeat the giants in a bloody fight. The ninja with a katana. The girl with a spectacular feat of strength wrestles one to a pin. They rejoin with her maiden-mother and escape with nearly five thousand willing servants rescued from the monument.

This is wrong.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C11, Scene 34: Penalternate Conquest[/size][/u]

The young uncle meets a black man in the alley. Nin's boyfriend says, "I have a message. At the solstice, everything you need will be provided."

"What does it mean?"

"Bitches be crazy. You gotta roll with it," the informant tells him. He looks back, and all around. "Watch out. They comin'. Bitches comin' for us. I can't protect you. Run! Now. Run!" He doesn't say why. This makes the young man he was shouting at bothered enough to leave without question.

There are about twenty women wearing masks, some stand on rooftops with wings, impressive racks as always. He'll never escape them. He can't recognize more than five-hundred in a city, and they're Millions. Sometimes there's her, hidden in somewhere, his life, his blood, the woman with red hair, and it makes sense somehow. But she ain't here! He walks towards them as they undress. "Aw shit, here we go again." He feels just terrible, awful, he's a bad, bad man.