Continuing from pink alignment
Elven Backrub

[b]Part 1, Elven Backrub[/b]

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 1: No More Blue Balls?[/size][/u]

All he can say after finishing reading is, "This is wrong." He looks down and sees the women sucking him like it's prom night. "Ouuuh. This is right." Ding-dong. He vaguely understands that noise meant someone's at the front door. Who cares? His penis tingles so everything's ok. "Wow." Too much. He can only bark out a few words at a time.

Ding-dong. The ultimate lay stops and asks, "Will you get that?" He knows what he has to do. What he wouldn't give to let the women keep using him like this. 

He answers, "No. Huh. Nah. You're all I need."

A woman comes in the study after a few minutes of doorbell-ringing. She talks in a sultry sing-song voice like she's yawning a bit, "We have visitors. Have my girls been keeping you busy?"

That voice, he turns and sees the ultimate bunny dressed properly as a bunny maid. The one who's been performing oral is fake. "Woah. This is." he can't finish that sentence. This is what? "A blowjob." Watching her midst this feeling isn't so bad.

She says, "I sent someone to the door already. We shouldn't be interrupted anytime soon." Soon. Interrupted? He's in afterglow. He's falling asleep. What is she talking about?

She sticks out her chest. She's lifting some heavy stuff. She enters and the room feels warmer. His penis feels harder. He stares at her chest. Her girth isn't a problem, the shape of her body is outstanding. The ratio. It's the same as her double.

She puts her hands on the other two and they smile like they can't control it. "This will hurt a lot," she says.

Hhe thinks he misheard, "What? Oh. It feels good. Don't stop." She funnels her energy past them to their lips. It feels like the tip of his dick blew up to the size of a watermelon. "HooNoo....Oooh" He cums a geyser while touching their lips. His eyes squeeze shut he has to moan in a rasping breath for a while feeling something in his urethra is stimulated way too powerfully.

This is really what the people in the tome were forced to endure.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 2: Magnets Attract[/size][/u]

"You won't cum for a few hours now. No matter what you try." he informs. Her first act was to seal him.

"There's no way." He says, thinking out loud.

The goddess says, "Let's do our bestie blowjob workout routine. Girls." Her double is all teeth.

"Yayyee," they cry. They hold hands for starters. They kiss like they're making up. Then share his dick.

He recovered slowly and noticed minor differences between the two goddess look-alikes besides the superficial apparel. One of them has an orgasm every few seconds of physical contact just feeling his cock. That's the ultimate bunny. Different parts of her face he touched looked erotic. An electric jolt would make his cock suddenly relax and stiffen when she barely grazed it.

The human disguised as her, her double in every physical regard has some negative tells as responses to him when he feels her head. Despite any changes to her body she's sill mentally a natural human.

The real deal says to him, "You can't cum. You should slap me if you're mad about it. It'll leave a mark for several minutes. Everyone will see." He gently touches her face and it feels like it wants to jump out of his hands. "You should use my face like a pussy. Smack me while your cock's down my throat." She fidgets like it turns her on thinking about it. "I'll be fine. These other two enjoy being forced and spanked. Every bunny I train has surprise sex ingrained as an acceptable hello." She holds the tip of her tongue between her lips after saying that. "Want to fuck Pink Bitch?" She looks at 'Dread,' telling her, "Dreadcunt, show him your asshole. Want her? Come on." While doing this he's still being played with, massaged, sucked at. His mind is at a clear point. He feels good, but his prostate won't budge.

She continues escalating, "Let's finish this off real good. Girls molest my face while I show this boy the limitations of his carnal pleasure." They begin pinching her face bringing out rouge. "I'm going to force you now." She goes down on him like she announced.

Dreadcunt says, "Slap her. Or we have to." She smacks the girl in the face and her throat contracts. Her mouth blows up like she choked.

He tries to calm them, "You know there's such a thing as going too far."

The two girls slap her ass sideways while she sucks him and his attention on the movement of her ass-bone and thick rear-end with a tuft of tail in the middle, plus her oral, sends him skywards. He can't think anymore. The clarity becomes a shooting need to take her in a way he can't right now. Her nose is buried into him and her tongue's moving around intricately.

Her double says, "You feel that? She'll never forget the shape of your dick in any hole you put it in. Every guy she's done can't stop thinking about her. You can't even stop her now. Can you? I knew it."

It's true. He feels like he has to pee as she repeatedly stimulates the tip of his cock but nothing's coming out. The two others take his hands to their chests. He feels their tits. Dreadcunt puts a finger in her mouth. He can't tell if he has a boner anymore or not, she's been down to the base so long controlling the blood flow. It's intense and he's not even had a dry orgasm.

When she's finally had enough fun she stops, her body moves like she's restrained laughter and pulls away. His dick looks stiff and soaked still. With humor in her voice, "If another woman catches you in her mouth this way, you're not going to escape unless she lets you. Remember, chosen." She says 'chosen' like she is preparing to suck on his dick again. "It's do or be done. The deepthroat is a powerful way to subvert a male's breeding intent." She produces a cloth and drapes it on his dick. Rest in pizzor.

He could get aroused. His cock could be super sensitive to touch. He never came. Is this fair? There was nothing to do but leave the study and greet the maids with their hypersexualized bodies. The girls still seated on the floor wave to him, "Bye-bye", the fake desert warrior dubbed Dreadcunt and the other one a mock sex symbol resting her tits on the chair she's leaning on.

"You're not coming?" he asks.

Girls everywhere, in cute bunnysuits, catgirl maids, and a sparse number of simple maid outfits. Wearing glasses, some did. Elaborate hair, maybe, he's not an expert. Reverse suits, see-through, completely naked, shaved. Total candyshop vibes, erotic cake gallery, immaculate bodies, intimate places on display carved like perfect figurines made of goddess stuff, he could see everything.

Surprise sex she said. But it was he that felt violated immediately.

My greatest sexual fantasies were meaningless... next to her evocation, He was certain.

She's tempted him before, and now. "You did this." he says to Illmuire's thrall. His impressed and awed voice turns into an accusation, "You weren't even going to give me a chance. From the start. All these women. Too incredibly amazing. I would definitely sleep with any of them in a heartbeat!" He says it loud enough the women around him all do their version of an 'ooh la la. oh my.'

They stop prancing to watch. This was what they came here for.

The goddess is amused. She looks straight at him while smiling at her own dirty work, his tent is pitched. Looking at her fully clothed is no less invigorating than staring at any other well-groomed naked and willing woman. The smile she adorns was intoxicating, then gradually she began relaxing, parting them revealing the fullness of her lips. Then downturning them to look upset maked his desire for her grow exponentially.

"It doesn't have to be like this," he says. He shouldn't make her upset.

She purses her lips for a moment as though he is the one who shouldn't be so upset. She pouts, but it looks like she's pantomiming a lewd act (with his cock moments ago between them it wasn't hard to picture), when she said, "If your prick were still running you'd be making like a leaky faucet."

True enough, he wants to refute, "But!"- she's already moving to stop him from saying -"We could have sex to fix that!" She looks up and to the side. She adjusts her bra strap and looks adorable. Full of distrust in her newly acquired posture, her arms behind her back, she lets her back arch holding her tits up, she's waving her generous tits to the side bashfully. How's she doing this?

She accuses him, rightfully, "You would try to impregnate me and my girls. So easily. Don't expect to make it out of here now. This is also enjoyable. Here," she takes a naked woman, thin and silky smooth, "Make her cum with that horny dick and tell me you're not enjoying my gifts." She unbuttons him with her free hand and with a delicate touch his boner is let out. He stares at his cock next to the stranger's naked bottom. It's a match made in heaven. Her ass is thin and her anus sticking out the trail down to her labia and then she puts her hand there like she felt his stare.

"No. I'm not going to enjoy it." he declares, faking disappointment. Maybe she'll undo this if he's stubborn about it?

"We're all on this ride," hand on her maid's shoulder, she tells her. "Throw it back girl." She does, a little too well! And the wet slap against his dick with her rear isn't something you expect. He was the one receiving surprise sex. He can feel her girlcum run down his ballsack. "Hah. Look how fat and thirsty this thing is. Here." She puts her hand there, touching him, and there's a spark, a sense of longing to experience something new. She guides him into, no, through the woman's nethers. She rides him standing and twerking with everyone watching. His cock exits with a pop repeatedly. He can't help it, his cock is really in there, seeing it flick out and go back in was mesmerizing. The woman of his dreams gives him a nice fat kiss on the lips and then tongue. She's cumming, the goddess is, the woman screwing him as well, all done. Right? Wrong. Every woman in there, they finish together. They each come to give him a hug and a warm passionate kiss.

New experiences. This is something the tome didn't prepare him for. This is a dankness hidden from time, Dread could have been. Her Amazons could have been: lovely, busty, girlish, cutesy, fancy, pretty, glamorous, prissy, immaculate, seductive, evocative, musing, caring, gracious, intimate, adorable, dreamy. She could have been (nicer). Huh, never mind.

Nice. After resting, he's helped up from the couch. "Now you're ready," The True Goddess says.

They're finally outside the library. He hasn't a care.

They see someone seated at a table. "Finally, we've been here for ages," says one.

The royal bunny greets her in a slight titter like she's annoyed. Now she's putting on airs, defying expectation. "Hello. You must be here for bliss. Oh. Yes. You're here." There's an inkling of loathing. She turns her body to the side elbows bent like she's deciding if she should run.

They are in the presence of that genius with her daughter maidens two. Her eyes are green. They're dressed like they're going for a walk in the town; Sundress and jacket respectively. Her daughter is hauntingly beautiful with a yellow tinge, an aura around her entire exposed flesh, her eyes appear to be on fire. There's a wisp of smoke coming up next to her face. Oh it's a candle.

The golden-green eyes that could melt his heart look at him very hard for a moment. The daughter's expression is what? Disappointment? And then she glances at the maids present before announcing, "I sense your secrecy. If I find out what you're hiding, I'll certainly grant you that you covet. You're lucky she's here." She settles her gaze on the goddess. Somehow the magical bunnygirl's stopping this evil princess from molesting everyone. Or the maidens are becoming as theatrical as the maids have been. This is a departure from her sadism, he just experienced. Oh. Getting screwed by a horse was something he heard second hand. Was it true? He just thought of that. He wonders if she can tell. Wow she's so freaking cute, this girl, you never would expect.

She looks at him and does "humf" audibly before she locks eyes with the blue eyed goddess again.

Her mother's not bad looking, black hair, green eyes. He's not getting the same feeling. He looks at the bunnygirl and holds in his peepee, it's a knockout. "Humf" goes the young maiden after his subconscious measure giving her second place of the three. That settles it, the redhead's psychic(It's difficult to remember).

The young maiden finally says what she's been wanting, "We're going to a dangerous place. Shouldn't we all change before leaving? I am wearing combat boots already. I also brought thick kevlar and camo for me and two others coming. The visors can withstand blunt trauma. I should be able to take on a surprise attack wearing the whole suit. I have another full set for my mother. I don't know what you're planning on doing."

He's thinking, Good idea. Here we are going to bliss. I'm dressed like a scrub. Dangerous?

Most of what I read in the tome suggested this would be a very peaceful makeout and chill session. An all-around good time. Why does she need to withstand a bomb?

The bunnygirl says, "Speak for yourself. The appeal of this," she pats her tail, "when I do this," she's peeling her top off and his penis gets hard in anticipation. Fuck. He's getting too riled not to think 'I need to put it in something.' The other girls wave their arms telling her to stop, "tease, pheromones, sexuality, sensuality. This is power. That helmet is going to kill our group image. Ditch it." She brushes her hair back, smooth, and she produces strands of light brown hair along with strands of black, glamorizing herself from her smooth look only a blink of an eye before. It becomes wavy instead of straight, softer looking, tactful frizzing from teasing. This is some crazy shit that might take a half-hour or two hours to get done by a professional.

He looks at the woman with green eyes. A sigil imbued with essence is in her, isn't it? She's a potential danger, but her daughter, her daughter's been showing off. Her rep is looking far worse. Now, the goddess has revealed techniques, painfully erogenous he felt her down to his bone. There's almost no end to their tricks. What else can they do? He can't wait to see.

"What are you going to change into?" he...The maiden green sees him staring before he asked and let him finish.

"I only have to remove this," she slips her dress up and she's wearing some kinky stretched-out tight-fitted fabric mixed with latex.

He says, "I think I get it. You are going to fight wearing that. Does it come with weapons?"

She smirks, and follow up answer is equally jovial, "This is for avoiding fights. It's a sneaking suit."

"Do we know where we're going now?" The Maiden asks.

Actually, he doesn't. He says offhandedly, "The way in is the basement." That's also where the kinkiest sex has happened so. "We should go to the basement."

After going to the basement they find the walls paved. The little red hulk of steel suggests she could smash it. One punch shakes the foundation so they all back off including her to find out what they're missing.

They split up. Somehow, the boy is paired with the maiden daughter. Her mom gives him a hug and says she'd like to play too. Which is almost consent by proxy if he thinks about it. He thinks about it, maybe I should give her a conjugal. The mother winks and pats his chest. Standing close to him, she's very cute too.

Alone together with the younger maiden, she bats an eyelid his way and says, "Before we go, we should have a meal." He swore a yellow laser pointed where she was looking for just a moment. They go to the dining room. He sees a naked maid bending over, right where she was looking.

To his delight the maid is wearing a bowtie, cuffs, and high-heels, that's all. His mind goes through a dozen or so erotic scenarios that involve carnal desires he doesn't even recognize. He impregnates her with his mind. She squirms under his girth. He wants to see her face contorted and lost of reason as her cunt roils. There's a beach and he'll watch the sunset with her. He'll dress her like a queen and spank her like a bitch until she hates him. His dick hurts.

He's able to bring himself back. He comes up to her, telling her, "Hello I'd like..." She's too good-looking. The novel look, her charm, he can't finish. He turns to the maiden who's been staring intently at him the whole time. Would she offer to help smooth this one over?

A maid dealing cards at the dining table is wearing a tophat and a firm short dress. She has a rosy face with drawn-on whiskers. Her style of hair makes it look shorter. The dealer in a simple gesture of her station asks the table of seated women, "Would anyone like to see a magic trick?" She nods her head at him. They turn and wave. They see his boner.

The table's amused. "Amazing. We could see a trick. Right?" someone asks.

He decides to say, "A card trick?"

The redhead takes the dealer, twisting her arm, and puts her face on the table slowly while he watches in shock. She's definitely an evil girl. She lowers her camouflage pants revealing a combat-ready cock.

The girls fuck in front of him. She beats her pelvis and slaps her buttox like she's shuffling a deck of cards. Her holes are punched sequentially with a certain sick satisfaction on the fucker's face. She's merciless. The woman goes from shock to making a strangely erotic face. Her eyes flicker closed.

The women at the table carefully get up to excuse themselves. A few stay. She finishes in the pussy and the dealer looks like that's right where she wanted it. The maiden squeezes her shoulders and the cum blowing out her somehow resembled bridging a deck of cards.

The maiden says, "I could stay and repeat this for the remaining women, but I think we're on a schedule. Hey. Sweety boy, you were watching the whole time sporting that." His boner. "Why didn't you use it?"

He's trying to answer. Why didn't I? Wait, why didn't I?

"Sweet little boy," she says and puts on a mischievous smile. She smacks her hips a few more times patently trying to maintain the illusion before pulling out.

She slips her penis out like she was taking a card from her deck.

It vanished without shuffling it into the woman's pussy, this time.

Her exposed girlparts are on view now. Apparently the trick's not over. A look at her down there makes his head spin with romance and trouble. Her mom had such a lewd look on her face when he last saw her. If he could he'd let them both feel it. What if he got them at the same time? He could compare how they kiss. And by 'kiss' he's imagining his sore erection in their mouths, oh it would feel so good. She comes closer to him.

"Hey," she says, "aren't you thinking too hard? There's a group of half-naked women right here who can fulfill that fantasy. You can't even give yourself to the temptation now. Stop thinking, just... do it!" She says that and her face resembles her mother's mischievous look so closely, if not for the eyes this could be the same moment. Yellow, golden-green rims, not quite the same.

Seriously! Even if I couldn't cum I'd be giving these bunnies a ride. This sexy girl's stuff up in their pussy doesn't make them or her less attractive. If anything I'd help her fuck that dealer, and maybe we can eat pussy together while I stick it to her. Her red hair's amazing. I'd play with it, and I'd pull it gently. She likes it rough like Pink I'm sure of that. I'd let her know what I am. The priestess can call me a sweet fuck at the top of her lungs so the whole mansion hears it, for all I care.
 
*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 3: Blank Round[/size][/u]

A girl, short, big tits. The chosen is watching, thinking, She wouldn't have been allowed in the mansion by accident, would she? She is looking fervently around, and then suddenly happy when she sees him.

Her energy appears to flare up like she's raging internally. What is going on with her? There's no time for him to figure it out, she ushers him along with her, telling him, "Come here, they found something."

He tries to find out more but it comes out in a jumble, "Who are you? What did, who found, where?"

She touches him before she walks ahead and her hand feels softer than possible. She's going to the library, that's safe, dozens of maids are already there.

Around the corner, in the observatory, there's a shining light for some reason. The woman with big tits, or her doppelganger, for no apparent reason, wants the light beam to hit her straight inside her vagina. "Because [she] can feel it there," she tells him. The guy watching imagines firing his light into her. No no, don't. Maybe if he casts a spell it'd happen. No, they're friends not fuckbuddies. Friends with benefits!

She said she trained for surprise sex. Stick it in her, come on.

The one who brought the chosen stands by a crank and adjusts the beam to highlight the nude woman's anus. If she didn't want to have sex she shouldn't have done that. She removes her clothes and gets above the other. Her body lights up like a lantern. "There's a nymph," he says, "oh." That felt like a dirty word. A bit like he was absolutely ignoring facts. The technical term his great uncle used was 'elf.' The girls are posing for him, and he's not absolutely loving it right now. If his pecker could cry it would. His prostate thrums and twitches trying to come to life.

Wouldn't it be the best right now to motorboat their butts? Use some of that magic tentacle stuff and feel every hole. There's an idea he has, Even if I can't put my own dick in both girls I can still be the one controlling the intercourse. Then there's the summons, if my mind's in one of those I could screw them just like that. I'd have nearly infinite cocks as a djinn, I could turn the tables and screw their mind as a shade, I could press them like erotic pancakes as a goliath.

His imagination burns him out before he makes a move, he's definitely been cursed with a lewd mind, and he knows why. Speak of the devil. The two women green and fire enter along with another.

They brought a woman wearing form-fitted clothes, that's a sneaking suit like The Maiden. Black hair. She's wearing pigtails in her long hair. She's got hair extensions, not magical. He's able to detect this with his eye. Her real hair's long and wavy like the young maiden's red hair. Her skin-tight outfit made of modern concepts such as spandex and latex is much lewder than she used to wear. It's the girl who forgot everything.

He takes some satisfaction finding out he's a full foot taller than every single girl except the naked goddess who's almost his height.

Turns out they had to point the light somewhere else in the room. Once they were done playing, they solve the puzzle.

"Does that mean I should put my clothes back on?" they ask.

The rest, excluding the chosen, tell both the girls, "Yes."

When they're about to go down the ladder into the sewer, the comfort maiden removes her sundress revealing her skin-tights. The two girls obviously coordinated. Their body shapes are similar. Tandem erotic ninja cosplay?

They look at the priestess who stripped off all but her flat fabric bra, rock-hard nips. Combat boots, as advertised. Her butt's so toned her anus is peeking out between a waxed valley.

Beside her, the elf twists her bra strap and pops it off. Bazongas! "Sure get naked, this is a good time. We should get comfortable with our bodies. Didn't we just put our clothes back on? Alright." he can't think of anything to do and starts narrating.

The girls in spandex reveal that they don't need to get naked to show their goods. One blazed at him, yellow irises glinted in the light, "We have other clothes. Would you prefer we dress in belly shirts and shorts?"

The forget-ninja says, "That looks painful." Her hand touches his erect shaft. She gets down and takes off his pants. "You shouldn't hold back. It's unhealthy. Hey, he can wear my camo set. I don't want it." What's she doing with her face? What's with that look? Too late. She swallows him like that without asking. He's expecting her to climax like she used to. The young maiden guffaws. The ninja pulls away. "Cum in my throat you scum loser." She sticks it back in. Her sloppy spit's rolling off her chin. Wow the mouth on her.

The elf excitedly elicits, "Can I too? Can I?" The goddess takes her shoulder.

"Your energy is limited," she warns. "You can't do anything without permission."

He's sure he deserved an orgasm right now, he feels the urge and squeezes his abs and groin muscles working hard to finish. The girl sucking looks upset after a minute or two. She sticks her tongue out still deepthroating him. After his everhard prick fails to deliver she unsticks his cock from the suction of her throat.

"He can't cum?" she realizes. She immediately blames the devilish thrall. "You said we would be like this." She finishes with an [in]appropriate finger gesture suggesting penetration and then running her hand near her mouth simulating a cheek bulging blowjob now she's holding her fingers in a v-shape and sticking her tongue out. "You said it'd be like this. But the boy's a blank shooter." Uh oh.

"No, I just came. It's not wet is all. She drained me before you got here..." he explained logically, what just happened.

She won't have it, "Where's the spunky taste? There's no gooey stuff. You didn't save up. That's right? Your dick didn't do the twist, you're some kind of lightweight? Can we cast a spell on his dick to make it stop shooting blanks? I need that baby juice." Something's going on with her, her personality is all over the place. Then again, she was just about as noisy before she lived three thousand years.

He guesses it comes naturally to her. "That sneak suit doesn't come with a ball gag, does it?" he asks.

She stops and looks more considerate for her following apology, "I'm sorry."

With my dick in the breeze, all the women get comfortable with my erection feeling it. Then they put their clothes on. We're going in. However, the guy's fantasy in earnest is skewed, disturbed. He's not a proper chosen. I feel like a snake by comparison, I want to slither up their bodies. I want to swallow their tits. I want to milk their pussies. And most of all I want to cum hard, so hard.

"Hey," says the comfort maiden approaches him. "You didn't seem to enjoy that as much as you should have. Let me see you closer." A deep compassionate gaze falls to his face. "I see. There. All better." There it is. There it is again, the threesome with her daughter. He imagines, She's giving me a signal. My hand moves up to touch her briefly. —I stop. That wasn't me.

It was me you dumbass. I would use that tentacle magic to do disturbing, erotic art with the two bunnies. And when the girls were changing. That was a chance to get handsy. Smosh the little women, fluff them, spankety spank, they're good to go.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 4: Elven Backrub[/size][/u]

The huge gated entrance is in view of a balcony. Shockingly still, the energy that covered the grounds must have dried up. The moat's empty, the story told of hoards of orgies. It must have ended when the corrupt orgasmic magic ended.

"The city from above looking astounding. Wow!" the goddess exclaims.
The women line up and look over the balcony. The newcomer has to step back. The next view is heartwrenching, the lean, the squeeze, all their crotches are angular, visible through their clothes. The spandex is especially talented at creasing a deep cameltoe. There's pure white light like a halo in their hair. He can see more of their bodies being lit up, plenty enough. The elf's body especially shines brighter letting the light pass through, her tits are practically glow-in-the-dark pink nightlights.

The elf looks back and locks her gaze on him, smiling, she turns leaning back-to-rail briefly, and she pushes off. She comes to him. Quietly close to his ear, "If you see something you like, I'm sure we can help." This is it. His mind races. She has more to say, "I've been hoping you'd fuck me. I'm a little slut. I can take the biggest..." She opens her eyes and looks down like she can't finish. She's cute. Uncouth but the ass parade doesn't stop with the women he's being met with, we're bonded, he thinks. She just wants in.

He holds her gently, her hand finds its way in his pants. When she feels the tip she sighs. She's jerking him off slowly and it's making her body twitch along with his flexing engorged erection. He looks up and the rest of the girls are chatting and admiring the scenery, leaning, it's all on display for him. Oh fuck. This is hot. He sees all that right there, it's like the beginning of a striptease. The girl doing this is just meeting expectations a little too well. —Hold on, will he have sex with them like this, like this? —His imagination swirls while the stimulation continues.

The elf tries, failing, to hide she's climaxing and shoves her face in his chest while her hand gets extremely wet and sucks at the tip of the penis. "My pussy handjob," she calls it. "You like it?" This is too much. It feels like her tongue's flicking the tip to tease it, it's still hidden down his pants. He stops thinking and stares at the butts in view. He wants to see them naked. He wants to shove his cock straight into the spandex and cum. The worst offender is the bunnytail, the curve of her anus is right below the white puff. He sees into the crack of her ass.

"Give it back," he says.

After some panting and squelches. It's obvious what's going on. The women at the balcony take no heed of it and watch the cityscape. There's something fascinating about the beam of pure light coming from beneath. Humans never succeeded at reproducing such a wonder.

Then the goddess hears "Give it back." She glances to the ninja who didn't notice. Fingers press on her hips and she feels an unmistakable sensation of someone trying to insert into her without even removing her pants. She muses, "This is a fine hello. I have a thong on. You need to rip my stockings first dear. How bad have you been wanting this? Let me get that for you." She's been fantasizing about this moment too. She thinks, this dirty bitch should find out who's the bossy in a bad way. Maybe she'd like some milk. "You may get more than you bargained for. Go ahead and stick it in my ass." She helps by tearing aside the stocking and pulling her thong. Her intent is to let in the priestess with a hate boner. She felt the cock go in. Her body feels the careful penetration and gradually aligns to it. "There it is. So you wish to perish in my pussy. That is fine. This isn't... Isn't this cock..." She's able to spell out the details as the head of the penis slips past her entrance, she's entreated to the foreskin, and peeling it back, the nubs on 'his' glans, then the veins, and the small divots from 'his' canvernosa, then clapping into her were 'his' testes. She deeply relished the sensation.

The priestess talks to her, "I'm flattered. Your lust for me is making me want you even more." Except she's not behind her.

The elf stands behind the man, her hand around his shaft, behind the entrance of the goddess. Her knuckles are grinding her anus. His cock is there, threatening. He knows one thing, I need to feel this as bad as my old man (uncle) did with her.

She waves her butt at him. And teases, just having a little fun, "Who's doing that? Being quiet will only make me. Uhh, wetter." She releases pheromone-laced sweat, and her pussy lubricates.

"Is he going to enjoy this?" asks the ancient maiden. The maidens two are off the rail, discussing how the intercourse will play out. The younger's impressed look would agree. She tells them, 

"If he's allowed. I see both screwing like dogs. He'll cast every spell to impress us. The two don't budge from that spot for hours. He's adamant she'll become pregnant." I'm to blame. She doesn't admit that part so he wouldn't hear that. The girls around her though.

His lady suppresses her shock that the chosen came for her so aggressively. Her voice sounds demur, "Shame. You're so delicate with me." But she doesn't move. He's perched, not moving at this point, practically inside her, she can sense his precum mix in with her. She sighs, "I have an idea. Let's get him to rut. Tell me if this will work."

The two devilish enchantresses nod their heads and smile. They tell her, "We'll make any necessary changes after."


The goddess presses a finger into her anus pushing it in and she sticks out her pussy more. So fluffy and soft like satin or pudding. "Go ahead," she offers. "You want it." She looks back momentarily at the stud, her body curves enhancing the swell of her hip. With her fingers there the crease of her buttcrack is impossibly deep. His eyes trace along the edge down from her face sending every last ounce of blood where it needed to be right now.

He goes ahead and makes love to that beautiful thing she has and the intensity of the feeling is more than he can handle. His legs shake before he's even inside. She also starts wiggling. In moments he was pushing out what was left of his strength just to keep moving in, penetrate her just a little more. He could feel his nuts trying to pull up into him. He can't, he'll cum too soon. The elf leans on his back. "You love her too, huh," she admires. Her hand caresses his sensitive glans. "I think I want her more than you do. Let me love her with you. Feel my chest on your back. I just have to push you a little." She pushes her hips against his butt to help him in and he can't stop making noise. After minutes he thought his prostate and balls were done as a warm sensation spreads. His breathing is so loud. When he finally pulls out jerking his legs and hips unintentionally, a thick jelly is stuck on the tip of his penis leading to the gates of sperm heaven. His dick twitches with more coming out in a thick glob.

He feels alarmed, there's the feeling he'll, "Put it back in. How's there so much? I'm cum— nh uhh." The elf is helping him while his body is uncooperative and they get his dick back in the woman's deadly, irrevocably inviting cavern. This much cum and so thick going in there. His mind blanks. The elf rubs his tummy with her other hand, her tits rub his lower back while she whispers softly,

"You and me. This is my special skill. Let's impregnate her together." He felt warmth enter where she touched. His lower parts, not not just his chest or his stomach, through his back. She's nourishing him.

If I was here I'd definitely be in her twenty-four-seven filling her with this thick cream. Casting recovery. The only time I'd stop is when the other girls take me from her. She wants it to escalate. Her body is made for this, her essence is strengthened by orgasms, she loves getting screwed, what could be better? There's a moment when the city light changes red that we know we messed up. But dammit it was worth it. There's nothing left but to enjoy the dankness inside. Game Over. Her idea was pretty good 'doggystyle 'til the end of the earth.

The bunnygirl stretches her ass out.

Hold the phone, I've got this.

"Don't miss this," she says. "This is your only chance. Remember, we're breaking up after this."

The elf with chagrin squeezes his cock and pulls it out of the lovely goddess. She whispers to him again, "You're on your own now. You're a massive fucking pervert and we love it. You just got us all wet from that thought. You get one shot, make it count." Plop. Brrrr! He's in her when the elf does one last push before letting go. He repeatedly cums in her ass while the women giggle and laugh. It's so peaceful. So relaxing, and his prick is inside a hot tightness that'll consume his thoughts forever.

The babble from the green-tinged thralls starts to surface and the blood returns to his head. Someone's massaging his nutsack. Both of them. The elf is feeling his anus with her fingers. The fu-ninja's looking expectantly for some reason. Does she want to suck his cock after he takes it out?

I'm there. I would fuck. Hold on. The women are taking advantage of me now? Sigh. Ok.

"Look at how his thoughts are formed. So primitive. If we make him more sophisticated he won't screw us without a proper provocation. What a naughty boy."

That's the fiery priestess? he asks himself. He can't see, he only tells their voice.

"Yeah but, wouldn't it be fun if he was on edge, and still manages to restrain himself like he has so far?"

The Maiden this time. What does that mean? he has to wonder.

"Thanks to her, he'll never stop cumming after this. He'll never stop trying to fuck her. We need to make it feel normal. I can tap into his experience and make this... heehi. Yes! That's it."

Priestess again.

Uh, what's happening? He's still linked to the goddess. He's being held helpfully. His sensitivity intensifies to the point he thinks his penis is getting cut by her buttery soft inners with every stroke and he has to pull out. Instant regret as his ongoing ejaculating pisses away.

"Oh... ho-oh! Wait! Let me put it back in. I was scared is all. This is amazing," he cries emphatic praise trying, but he's still spilling stuff, wet as water like there's no substance. She turns around, and seeing her face again makes his heart skip a beat.

"Feel that. He's in love," says the maiden green. He knows she's right. This is the woman for me. Love is all he needs. Nice was old news.

The goddess bats her eyes with her head turned enough bluish rims catch the white light. Although her body is silhouetted against the city backdrop. There's a rim of light along her side. It's been like this the whole time like she's glowing.

She muses for him, "It's alright. Love me all you can. We have something else for you. I have something." She motions at his oozing cock. "This time, it won't hurt a bit."

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 5: Love Tunnel[/size][/u]

They make their way through the city. Pretty quiet. There are a few denizens who don't give them any look of interest. It looks like mostly halflings and interbred species. The orgy over the past fifty years has ruined and confused the power balance, there's no hierarchy or sexual tapestry being painted, not like the tome suggested there would be.

The elf excuses herself from the group.

In the central cathedral, they try to converse.

"If he's unable to stop cumming is it alright if we play with him?" the comfort maiden asks this, clearly intent on messing him up without effort.

"Let's take off our pants, this is a no-pants zone," the girl with army-looking, combat boots, and camo-clothes undoes her zipper. She leave them on but she slipped them low enough her crotch was out. "This is only natural." The rest find it amusing and walk with their butts exposed. The maidens tease more. Who. Who else? "How's this? Do you feel like you need to cum any harder?" they're teasing. The guy was ok at first but their words become crudely laden with aggression. "Hey, how's this? If you stick it in one of us, we won't stop you." They become a bit too horny. The bunnygirl grabs the redhead and feels her down there.

"She's so wet," she reveals. 

And back to her, "Look who's talking, I can smell you like a bitch in heat."

Then the ninja openly admits, "Guys, look out, I think we are standing on a tainted engraving. My, help." She twitches. The comfort maiden rushes over. She feels her body. Her own urge to give comfort must have taken over.

"Take it from him. Take it!" Fire eyes. "I'm giving you something. I'm taking something away." why is the maiden there shouting? He felt unmistakably, oral. His leg jerks. This is power. Her mouth slips off his penis. A blowjob where he only remembers the ending. That's new. The bunnygirl and g-string ninja are on either side of him. The floor's wet with cum. The mother's wiping herself. He notices the face and pigtails of the girl on his right are particularly messy.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 6: Elf Blaster[/size][/u]

The elf is wandering. She's sensed something she's never had before. Her body's immediately craving whatever it is. She won't share. She left the group behind for this.

She rounds the corner and there's a halfling, he might be a wolf or a dog. Is it him she wants?

"What are you?" He asks her.

She admits, "I'm a creature of disgusting taste and even worse moral value." He's holding a stick, it looks like the stem of a flower. "What is that thing you're holding?"

He bids her to come closer with his fingers. He muses, "So there are still some. If we hold this, you come straight to us." He reveals his penis, canine cock. She wants to know more, so badly she'd give herself for any. No further reason needed.

She lets him do what he wants. He uses twenty of her holes, her legs, and her chest, and her mouth, and then her ass until he finishes. She enjoys every bit. If there's something different about her from a regular nymph, he cares not, or knows not.

His knot manages to get stuck often and he sucks or licks at parts of her body forcing pleasure on her. His cum's clogging her orifices. She's been a proper mate, whether she's a bitch will come to light eventually. He takes her hands and shoves his fingers in her palms forcing another orgasm.

Satisfied, he crushes his hand around the stick he holds and the power it has on her becomes so intense for a moment she might have cum again. "This is something made long ago. It uses your latent psychic power against you. This is why the founders of the city fell. Now that you know, know this, you can't resist. Leave." He puts his mouth to hers, and he kisses her hard. It was the kiss of death. "Don't come back. Your kind are nothing but toys now. This is your only warning." The stories he's heard of the nymphs. He would rather scare her off than lower his chance. If he's the only one, she'll have his children after a long, long time.

She leaves, a sense of distrust grows in her, but she must return to the group.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 7: Girlspunk[/size][/u]

There are broken pedestals in the cathedral. There's a machine that isn't working. They put the pieces back together. The machine still won't run. When one of the women touches a standing pedestal, it lights up with wires glowing.

The pretty effable male hero counterpart of the group believes he figured it out. He reveals, "I've got it. The women who have the ancient power need to stay touching these." Three of the women touch the pedestals, but it doesn't fully turn on. He explains more, "Isn't everything about sex? Try touching yourself while you touch the machine." The green-eyed woman obliges. The machine responds.

"How about we all do it?" volunteers the bunnygirl.

Something clicks in his head again and it gives rise to his lust. They're going to power it with the hottest women he's ever laid eyes on.

They try. The guy watching has certain unresolved emotional intimacy issues that have built up over the past hour or two, then two maidens and a bunnygirl do something lewd with their hand on their clits to power a broken machine. He wonders. He watches. He waits for a chance. The machine turns on.

He goes over to the first panel. "I'll get it started. This is the on-switch." Magic ropes that have circuitry and runic inscriptions materialize and bind the women to the pedestals by the wrists, with all their goods out. The machine powers down.

"I think we're stuck," says the maiden green. It's holding their arms to the elbow forming a tight seal. It's pulling them closer to the point of contact so they're bent over the power coupling. In a moment they're all face-down, a harness like a belt around their waist holds them tight with only a little swivel motion for their hips.

"I can have sex with one of you again," he volunteers. Like he'd be helping.

"No thanks. Can you undo this?" the girls unanimously decline. Don't they sound a bit too frantic? His heartbeat speeds up. Their wet crotches tell a story. He wants to hear more.

"You were teasing me a moment ago. You knew. Your bodies are honest. You need help."

He grabs the bunnybutt. She mewls. Does the bondage excite her even more than regular bareback sex? He flips the cloth hiding her tits out of the way as the rest of the strong women of the party can only listen. His cockhead is between her buttcheeks. It ejaculates happily and her ass twerks its jelly-coated entrance against it reflexively. The cinnamon ring smacks away and her skin vibrates like a small drum. That's enough, he cums again.

He puts it in and while screwing her he plays with her jiggly butt. He pulls at her suit and firmly grips her hips. Why does he want this so bad? His fingers dig in. There's the greatest satisfaction growing on his face. He can definitely get these women to do anything for him.

There's something cast around his neck all of a sudden and a blue leash in his partner's hand. She pulls him down on her, her butt swallows his dick whole to the base. She's cumming from anal, her pussy works as his balls and dick shots squirt out into her.

"Ughna. This is how it's supposed to feel. Do it like this," she says with anger in her voice, like a growl.

The way the other two girls look they think she lost her mind. The noises, the sexual discourse. The two strapped maidens have a deep understanding of the physical act. If the man's left to his devices their time reigning above him is about to end.

His penis doesn't discriminate, the young maiden knows. The redhead can sense he's thinking about her in moments of intercourse, even now. She looks like she's been caught in his mind. He's thinking... 'there's no better way.' Fuck, she thinks, he's going to try to have sex with me again so soon. He should probably have been less obvious about it though. She can protect herself.

"I can do it myself," she declares. She glows a brighter aura.

He denies it, "You're tied down. Just wait a bit longer. With this. There's enough to go around." He starts casting.

She finishes her sentence. "No shit. Now you see me." She appears in front of him while he's looking. "Now you see me twice." She proceeds to do as advertised.

Does watching her with a fully male dick in herself count as masturbation? She's very careful about how she does it. The guy takes notes, she wants it like this. Slow and then, she spanks her own butt and squeezes it.

"Have you done this before?" he asks.

"No—" lil lielielielie she lies "—stop looking. This is embarrassing. I just, oh, oh!"

"This is how I fuck! Keep watching pervert," there's some discrepency in her twin's story.

That leaves the ninja to eat out the last remaining sigil bearer. When her pants come off he sees marks at the base of her spine, that's Yakre's symbol, it's been hidden until now. The elf enters.

Seeing the machine up and running, he announces, "Everyone has a partner and we've got one free party member. How are we going to do this?"

The ninja and elf are going to eat out theirs, girl power! The boy and futa can use their penis. Girlcum is flowing out of the bound women, some of his own ejaculate and the priestess's selfcest have diluted their partners' ejaculate with thick cream at the edges of their inputs. The machine is fully powered by girlspunk energy.

What world do they live in? He shakes off the sweet mellow vibes the machine is humming, to get out, "Alright. Who's going? You just got here. I think you'll go first."

The elf is volunteered.

He tells her what she'll see, a panel, and another transporter, and probably some eldrich horrors like herself trolling about.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 8: Elf Vore | Elven Deep Tissue Massage[/size][/u]

The elf went in the transporter.

What's this place? she wonders. She's walking past a big cut stone ledge leading to a pit. Looking in, there's nothing of note, just a bottomless pit. "Guess that's all. Done," she says.

After talking, a worm immediately explodes upwards throwing viscous saliva and chunks of its own flesh and grime about. It then goes down for her head. Her arms go up. She's worse than helpless. She has no physical strength to even attempt a resistance. It sucks her in with her arms held up in the air like macaroni.

She manages a peep. No, I don't want to die.

Pulling her into it, she feels it tickling her erogenous arms and cums before it covers her face. She feels it, she's cumming harder as it crushes her body. Her own insides try to force their way out, her pussy-thing emerges cumming. Her body shakes as though it's her last resort, to experience ultimate pleasure the moment of her oncoming demise.

Whatever's in it, it's forcing its way down her throat and out her ass. While she's inside she's pushed up and down and climaxes. She's absorbing it. Stuff going inside her everything pussy. Little worms slip in her. Caches at the wall push air back into her. It's a constant orgasm and a feeling of intense pleasure. She's sqeezed like a grap pushing out her juice. Parts of her body are incapable of resisting the slightest touch, like her tits which deform like gas. Stuff passes through her like she's air.

She wakes up back where she started. She has no idea how long she's been asleep. She trips going down the steps. "Oh no." The worm emerges again. She can feel its fluids pump through her down her throat and out her. It wrings her like a damp cloth and soaks her. She's being fucked like a sponge attacked by piranhas. She finally reaches the other end, waking up again. She can't shake the feeling it was real.

She looks at her body and there are no signs of anything inside her.

She crawls down the steps backward and tiptoes out. She makes it back safely, only a bit shaken.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 9: Sneaking Sex[/size][/u]

The elf takes the green-eyed maiden from her partner, freeing the ninja's expert lips.

She says, "You must want me to go next. I've got this. There's no way I'll lose. Hii yah!" She says it like an energetic introduction in a fighting game.

The elf brushes her smooth little red hairs and plants a wet tongue into her mate. She wants to forget. Maybe giving Yakre's thrall head will grant her such a favor.

The ninja goes. She encounters empty rooms. It's easy to slip past when there's nobody around. She returns and sees them still doing the deed. The elf's using her cummy, girly pussyhands like her own mouth, eating out The Maiden and getting off on it too. There's never been such a lewd act.

She goes again.

"Cute dogs," she has to say. She pets them and they come to try to bond with her. "Who raised you?" They sniff at her butt. They recognize her as a master and don't turn aggressive. This isn't so tough. This is a great experience for her, she'll go again.

Again.

Wolves this time. Are they friendly? she wonders. The wolves sense her presence and turn invisible. Guess not.

She tries to be invisible as well. Not having that type of equipped spell, she relies on physical talent. She sneaks around the edge of the room. She hears growling. She's been caught. From where? "Good boy. Nope. Nope nope," she's seriously trying to be nice. They don't listen and take her down. She's wolfishly dogged down into a hapless pup. 

She pees herself so they'll leave her alone. Whimper. Whimper. This is so embarrassing, she's telling herself.

The first group are about the same size as her. A hole is torn in her pants. Two dog dicks appear in the air. Their knots expose and their balls turn visible. "Is it. Am I? I'm getting knotted?" Two thick knots stretch her lower bits. Her face turns erotic, she wouldn't give up this feeling for anything less. The tails of the wolves appear. A third fat cock goes in her mouth. The paws are visible now. Invisible wolves with visible extremities. It slips in deep and her mouth is forced open for his knot. When she opens her eyes the furry crotch is there. She rolls her tongue around and grabs them with her pussy. She can win. She's certain she can pleasure them more than their normal bitch. They squirt hot cum into her and she swallows. She works her ass off around him trying to get him to cum more.

A bigger wolf now. She crawls to him to jerk him off. "You must be alpha. That means. I can be alpha." He nudges her aside and goes around sniffing.

This bitch in heat mated with a couple of losers from the pack. He'll clean her up. He licks at her and then stands over her penetrating her pussy down to the enormous knot. It taks a few pumps before he fits it all the way in. Stuck. This bitch is tight. Her cunt's bearing down on him and he releases the good stuff. He teleports them both.

She's in that place. Where is this place? There's a big boy. she doesn't remember it. It is a completely new sensation to her. The horse trots to her, she's really tasty looking.

"Oh, you want some of this? I've got my eye on you."

She relives being lifted ten feet and penetrated by two dicks. Getting eaten by her mate and screwed by his insides. Having him fully convey through her and engorging her with seed, before letting her go. His power channels into her to restart her engine and they do it again.

She has a magic healing spell. When she returns, her soft body has been hardened in combat.

The pack of wolves hasn't seen her for an entire minute. It is waiting with renewed lust. She isn't going to get away.

She tells of her trials, "I've been fucking huge horse cocks for months. Little dog dicks don't scare me."

She blows them away with so many new skills they nominate her the bitch queen of dogdick deepthroat.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 10: Lucky Dude[/size][/u]

"I'm done. I am not going back. I can't believe this. It's his turn now. Go." The ninja's feeling remorse and kind of musty.

The chosen one.

He's standing in front of something that wouldn't make sense to anyone else.

This is a puzzle, he gets it. It's really obvious puzzle fr someone who read the tome recently.

He summons a dog and when it steps into the alcove it freezes in place at the moment he released control. The dog naturally stands tall and proud. A handsome statue for eternity. After understanding this he decides to mix it up.

He summons a mid-tier servant. She's a muscular redhead. Clothed. Instructions he provides, "Take off your clothes, give me your brightest smile, and finger the tips of your nips. Stand with your legs wide. Beautiful." The redhead he summoned is frozen in place like that tweaking her nipples. Her body is very fit, this could be an image from a lewd sports catalog. Next.

He summons an upper-tier servant. She's a big, intensely poweful woman in armor, he's tempted to just outright call her an Amazon warrior, but things are getting a little complicated. He has new instructions, "I want to see your crudeness. Get undressed so I can see you naked." Her muscles are impossible. "Make a heroic pose and hold out your chest. Yes yes, and stick your ass out more. Yes. Open your mouth and stick out your tongue. Look up." Frozen. This is a crazy expression, but she looks hot. Her ass has biceps. He wants to fuck this redhead as is, but the magic holding her in place makes it impossible. Sexy statues forever?

He's going to have to fill hundreds of these alcoves. He summons female animals and they came out as girls with cute tails so...

He returns a few hours later. "This was nothing. I'll go again. Oh wow." He sees the elf fingering that hot bunnytail.

"You got lucky," the ninja says.

"Yeah yeah. Shh."

"You'll be sorry eventually," she keeps bantering to feel better.

"The deepthroat princess protests too much," he quips. She looks annoyed. "I can go again. Alright? I'm just enjoying seeing this." Her look says it's fine.

She says so anyways, "I went multiple times. You'll get one you don't enjoy soon enough."

"Hang on. I'll go in a minute." Just look a that hot shit. I'd like to go shove that elf's face into the woman's magic pussy. Like she did for me.

He leaves before betraying his perversion any more than it already was.

Here he is. Next encounter.

There are two goliaths and one foxy giant female warrior. She's extremely beautiful, her Amazon getup exposes her privates. This time it's not easy. He's erect with excitement. He'll decouple the woman using the "new lovers" spell. She starts harassing one and with her exposed body she gets him good.

This one she's molesting gets hot and bothered. Soon he fills her with his cocks pumping her with seed and the other comes down on her. He fits her face in his mouth. He can see her fall into him and his cock pops out of her ass. Then she's placed back on the floor.

He's thinking about spicing this up, Maybe he should summon the other one a playmate too. He tries to summon another girl with huge muscles like the one on display.

Yeah, it worked, she gets naked on command and offers to kiss the other goliath. She does this lewd pose he imagines until the goliath is already taking advantage of her. The deep kiss in the other Amazon shows its nature when her ass squirts cum. With the two women caught up with huge cocks snaked through them it's easy to leave undisturbed.

After admiring their muscular asses, he is done watching. If he gets involved any more it'd be dangerous.

There are much more beautiful women waiting for him, one has such an ass on a smaller scale.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 11: Double Cherry[/size][/u]

"It was easy."

"That's it. I'll go," the priestess is volunteering. Or, half of her is.

"Wait. I'm almost there," her other half protests.

The elf takes the former's place. She extends her special equipment out of her to penetrate the latter redhead who protests, "I didn't say you could do that. Oh. Keep going. It's fine. You have a very soft thing."

The chosen notices this partner exchange left the best ass on the planet wide-open for more of his loving so he proceeds to take out his sexual frustration on her privates.

The fiery double with a vanishing cock goes through the portal.

The maiden green, still bound, makes an audible hiccup.

Their man has a burning urgency to do something risky. Now that the double's gone, it's time to make the magic happen. This spicy glowing priestess and his horny dick are going to meet.

He touches the elf on her shoulder. He's been waiting long and hard. The elf obliges and they hold hands mischievously trading places to dance with eachother's partners without anyone else noticing.

The glowing sunny hips at his sides, her soft butt. He smiles. He puts it in her pussy, coitus like this. He has a guilty look. Can't she tell he's the one? She feels his balls slap into her. She says, "You're slapping into my clit now. Don't stop, do it just like that. Ooh it's so good. I love this." She must be so horny she can't figure it out. Plap-plap. She's surprised each time his nuts slap on her. He flexes his cock, he'll do his best. Coming straight from an anal goddess to a blazing horny cunt, he can take it. His gaze locks on her butt.

Her mother's having a titter over on his left.




The [magic] double of the maiden appears in a strange place. Totems for each ancient are here, and they're not very well made.

"Welcome. I hope you'll enjoy your stay."

She can't see who. "Who said that?" she asks.

A man with a hood comes forward, his age is undiscernable. He asks, "Shouldn't you introduce yourself?"

She looks proud, reciting, "I'm the priestess of Yakre. Born from her blasphemous thrall and a wretched witch."

She's reading the air, she can see into him, she sees nothing. He says, "That won't work. I'm nobody." It's true. "Born as the bastard child. Birthed from a nameless maid. Raised among halflings. This is the outcome of a wicked man's great seed. This is the fault of your kind." He looks thin, incredibly thin. "Ni-ni-ni." That's some kind of signal, she knows immediately.

A demon with a long tail comes out. It was hidden. "Ka-guk, prissshchch," Two more. "I've gathered these and raised them." He gestures to one glowing in a pink aura.

She stops him, "Don't bother. I know what these are. And I know what you intend to do. You will not make it out of here in one piece."



The priestess has been propped on a pedestal. She's moaning louder. If he speaks she'll know it's him. She's moaning to communicate her pleasure to him. Although it was only to make him jealous, it's becoming so much dirtier than that. Thanks to him. His penis will respond by growing the fat tip on the verge of climax.

He has to slow down more, this is so amazing feeling. If he can't recover with magic, it'll only last as long as this one shot.

Does the elf cum like this? He hasn't seen it. She helped him earlier. This time...

He watches how accurately human the elf behaves. Her chest catches while pushing in. Perhaps it's real. He can't see if her phallus simulates as well, that part of her being inside something so beautiful.

She must be feeling this more than she's letting on, actually. The elf looks over to him. No, she's looking down, she wants to see it. One pervert to another, he'll make sure she gets the boon she wanted. He pushes the girl's butt out to the side and it resonated with the elf. She pulls her hips back. Aha! Like he would if he were trying not to cum! So, her gaze on a woman's privates can make her excited. She reciprocated.

When she pulls out to show off her partner he can see the bunny's sanguine behind and her cunt slurps at what she must think is his penis. His own trick hit him on the rebound. He'll have to stop grinding his hips or perish.

She's not from down here. Not just any elf. She knows how a guy fucks. She's admired the female form. She's been trained by the woman she's intimate with now. 

He fingers the priestess's butt near her anus and smiles at the ex-pornographer. She returns the expression and stretches the greatest thing on the planet to the side for a moment before letting out a harsh sigh and covering her mouth. He's afraid he is about to explode in the girl's pink snatch and give himself away. This is all too much.


The creatures surround the priestess and she feels a psychic force trying to grasp at her heart. She's able to take one of them, at first. The weakest mind among them is filled by desire.

Two tails flick at her clit repeatedly. A tail snaps and she's stung straight through her camo pants. A sharp claw grasps her upper arm and she shoulder tosses it.

"I'm not weak," she says.

It's able to turn mid-air.

Not 'it.' Him.

This is too intense for me. Screwing her, I nearly climax. I pull out before I cum. Bite. I get down and eat her pussy. Her butt twitches. She can't want it. Bite. I put my teeth into her twitching anus and close my mouth around her taint. I momentarily consider what it might feel like to suck at it and I find myself doing that. Suck her pussy. I kiss it.

She's bowled over and her heavy clothes cushion her. She's held on her back by the weight of them. Her pants get removed. No underwear, not that it'd matter. A long tongue is ground into her clit slipping inside her. She's able to bite back any terribly mixed feeling she has.

One somehow cuts open her vest and bites at her tit. Carefully, his fingers are placed at the edge of her mouth, her teeth stick out. Her pussy and anus are bitten into by a single maw. She jerks her lower half screaming hoarsely. She tries to force his hand out with her tongue sticking it out. Her swollen clit, she can't bear it.

The venom.

She won't break free now, she's strong, but it's already inside her. The fingers pull at her cheek and a tongue goes in her mouth playing with her tonsils before jamming down her throat. He's wrapping his mouth around her face. Gouts of her own saliva and his mix and slosh about as he wriggles his tongue around in her throat.

He removes his tongue and positions his butt over her face. His tail wraps around her neck and a ballsack goes down on her mouth. He slides until the tip of his cock is next to her lips and tightens his grip on her throat turning her face red until she lets it in. The other working her clit removes his tongue and puts his cock in. A sharp claw scratches at her breast. Her neck's etched with tread marks. They pump their massive loads in her, about a gallon each. They turn her over allowing her to spit it out. They teleport to restore. The third comes to finish her.

When the demon took possession, he put his dick at the ridge of her anus. He gets very close so she can hear him breathe ragged breaths. He's like an animal. He puts two fingers between her mouth and she opens to gently bite them. He pushes them in feeling her tongue. His penis grinds her ass. She'll let him. "No. No! NNNNaa-anal! Pfrf," she gets out before his fingers stifle her with a gag. He sticks his cock in her ass allowing whatever happens, if he cums, fine, it's worth giving it his all. He puts both his hands on her hips and pushes and pulls at them while he pumps. She's brought to a screaming orgasm and her pussy juices pour out. She cries. She's not like that blue slut. Not even close. She's more!

When the demon took possession, he began going through the motions grabbing her face, feeling her tongue, screwing her vagina, then her ass, it's about to end. She's giving-in to him, she'll let him.

He grabs both her tits and bites her shoulder while he cums. Then he licks her neck as she sorrowfully moans in agony. "My ass," she moans. "You fucked my precious thing, inside. How could you be such a beast?" How could he not? He takes his weight off her back and stares at her butt spreading it open with his hand while he keeps fucking her there.

But he didn't possess her. He's with her. She doesn't know why. She tells him, "Help. The. My clit. Suck the poison out." His tail rubs against her clit pulling away. It's swollen red thing after being stung. His power is drained momentarily. It's painfully satisfying to suck at it.

"Break the green totem. I'll deal with him."

The other two come back and force her again. The green one stings her calf, she's sure she'll heal it in time. The blue one puts a finger in her ass and pushes his long tongue in her mouth. The other presses his fingers into her clit and licks her back. She finds herself sandwiched between them double-penetrated and they bite her simultaneously while the green one's cumming. She'll need a minute to recover from that.

One came already, that one leaves but the blue one shoves a tail up her ass and his cock enters her, she's lying down and he's thrusting into her with his hips. She's losing control of the situation fast. She cums. He whips his tail out extremely fast, this makes her yell louder. His sperm is depositing in her now, double stuffed maiden, her burnished burnt and toasty delicious ass twitches, and her girlcum spreads everywhere as his tail thrust up along her clit finishing her.

There's a struggle. The green and red one fight. The green totem breaks. The blue one returns to restore himself.

She heals quickly with a vital spell, rather than waiting for her regenerative powers. She gets up. Most of her body is naked after having her clothes torn.

She grapples with the hooded man. He's no match. She spells, "I can see your perversion. Now it's mine." His desire to see these creatures defile women. His anger. She takes it. "These are mine now. I want this more than you." It's real.

He doesn't care. He's frail and uninterested in her body. He's a regular human. He was given these as a collection. There's nothing else to it. She took what was there to take.

The demons give into her will and submit.

She returns to the group.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 12: Next Level Degeneracy[/size][/u]

While she was away, the portal changed and the machine was no longer powered the same. All the runes are active. It must be done.

The double comes back to the group. Her three pets are now hiding at her command. She sees a guy screwing her, still strapped in. She speaks very quietly and slowly to herself so nobody hears her, "Why is he fucking me again? I thought I was playing hard to get. Huuuh?" She comes over and sees the stud doing her ass. "Again. He did it again. I'm going to remember that." She's talking too quietly to be heard. "You fucking in my ass?" He looks pretty happy about it. "Alright. Bro." She whispers in his ear now, "I can't believe you're the one. I don't want it coming out my mouth this time." He has chills. Is she saying it's alright to cum in her twice because he's not using magic? She sees the elf screwing the bound goddess with a cock. Some things you never think will happen and your whole world is turned upside-down.

She hits a panel that turns off the restraints. She recombines with her double, vanishing. He's about to cum. He relaxes, letting her push him out, and then he wipes his dick, putting it away before anyone can notice.

The woman sucks in her stomach. She's so embarrassed even feeling his dick come out felt good. She gets up from the machine and pretends nothing happened, but that's twice he's made her cum with that part of her.

The two experienced women getting off the machine are happily refreshed. The goddess sees she was tricked at some point and has a joyful laugh with the comfort maiden.

part 2 >