Continuing from pink alignment
Astral Anal


[b]Part 2, Salacious Combat[/b]

The portal sends the whole group to a nexus dimension. The place has been built on, not unlike the tome's resting place, they are secluded with no monstrosities in sight.

There, they see a shadow in the distance. It grows bigger as whomever approaches. "Good. I'm glad you made it. When He gets here everybody will get laid. An appetizer for the banquet your race will provide," the Dread Spawn with merely her abs armed stands nude before them, gloating. She holds her hand to the side as though she were holding a weapon, in it something glistens red, jagged and curved, about the length of a dagger.

The chosen one has something to tell her, "There's no way the average woman enjoys having sex with dickdemons or a phallic ancient. As long as you've whored around, men and women have given their bodies to subvert this crisis."

The girl shining in a yellow aura steps forward. She's fully clothed in camo gear unlike her double who he saw was in tatters. Then again, a little enchantment fixes these things, doesn't it? 

Mortal defense don't cut it. #?

"Speak for yourself," says the young maiden. "We should let her. This world is falling to ruin." Pretty much nobody's surprised. The mother follows her. "It can't be worse than how things are already."

Her mother comes over to her. "It's true. The world's getting worse on its own. We need someone to take over."

Hold on, the guy thinks, this isn't how this is supposed to go. He churns out plausible rebuttals, and face to the priestess, he gives his best, "She raped your mother. And," to the mother, "she raped, impregnated, and trapped you for thousands of years. Are you telling me you forgive her? Why? Just because it 'can't get worse?'"

The short redhead scoffs. She's cute looking he might be in love. "Cute," she says it like he accused her of something out loud. "Didn't you rape me? I was powering that machine. I saw you. The things you did when you thought you weren't being watched. And," she sounds upset, "while you were reading the tome I... I don't like losing!" She comes back a few steps and he steps back. He's not entirely sure what she's capable of. "You'll like what I'm thinking, sweet little boy. We'll solve this the way we always have." Her dick comes out of her pants. "Don't forget, you have something I gave you. You have," her voice wavers, "gifts." He pictures her sucking his cock, he pictures her ass. She responds to those thoughts with a glare but raises her head. Was he onto something? If things hadn't turned out this way, would he have dared screw such a cute girl? A girl with powers he can't imagine. Yes. Her ass is built.

Dread also takes out her cock, her wand glows red and red energy trickles down it onto her hand wetly with embers trailing down her fingers. "Watch us fuck all the women you've spent time with falling in love. Come out." Two angels dressed in red and white. Yes, it's those two, he's glad they're here for some reason. This is a fated meeting with three women who've fucked the bukkake god and returned. The figure in the distance comes up. "This is your fate." It's that guy. If this is how it has to be done. They stand closer. They're left comparing dick sizes and the newcomer thinks he might have the shortest straw.

"Haha. You're joking? You're the hero of bliss?" Dread's in tears laughing. Telling them, "Nevermind, girls. I've got this. Go back and take care of him." Her not-boyfriend comes next to her and his dick appears to caress her thigh before his hand touches her shoulder. He's barely audible when he speaks. "No. Right now? I just. Take him, take him away. You know I love it. Go. Go!" He's pressuring her into having sex again. The angels take him away.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=130]Chapter 12, Title: Absolute Pink[/size][/u]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 12: Free for All[/size][/u]

The fiery maiden and her mom accost the bunnygirl goddess with words. They're saying names and places, and finish, "We can, we can." It's like they threatened her. The regal woman in all her pinup glory is incredibly upset.

"Please no," she quietly protests.

He can't believe it. Whatever they're saying it works. One smugly cocked girl walks away ready to dispatch another. Her mother, however, continues talking. He can see the cute bunny's shaking like she's being terrorized. He tries to stop this. Two redheaded women step in front of him.

It this really happening? "Alright. Get ready," the chosen contends. He casts the appropriate enchantment and buffs. "Great uncle could handle fifty women a million times more seductive than either of you." They jump on him at once. Up close together the nose on Dread is more pronounced, but she's clearly dolled up and feminine. They don't wear pants and their dicks are out. If he loses his strength this will be impossible. He's almost put in a headlock by the little girl. He flicks her nipple powerfully and she looks injured. Now Dread. She's firing her energy into him actually making him stronger to burn him out.

She summons a dickdemon with a wave of her arm. He's got dicks on his legs and arms instead of the usual. "That's different," the chosen says. Her penis vanishes and he's able to break free, but this isn't a normal wrestling match. She had some plan.

The demon is taken on by a woman in a spandex suit. She's tangled up, her legs held against his body.

The super hot witch is on his shit. She tackles him, and a twenty-foot long skid mark is left in the mud. Pinned, her moves are dangerous. She has him in a leg lock using three fingers like she's picking up a snack. She's powerful, more than his enchantments could compensate, this is not what he's expecting. He needs more force, no, he needs to be desired. He'll cast her weakness. He chants, but she puts a hand over his mouth and turns him over facing up. "Shhh," shushing him, she takes out his cock. "Chosen one ooh. Succumb to my crease." She spreads her buttery pussy with his dick. He's losing this fight. He is not even erect yet. She's given him an opening, his dick is full of blue energy already from his first cast, she can't resist. She slips her split around managing to insert him soft and his boner grows. The heat from her crotch makes his penis swell, soon fully erect, there's a vacuum pulling at his glans, his sperms wake up and demand release. Ah. That's really amazing. However, he wants to know, is he going to shoot off without even touching her?

"What are you going to do with that?" he calmly says.

She answers, "I'll have your babies. That's what you've been dreaming of since you were first chosen. You're safe in me now so let it go." She holds up the dildo, "oh this thing. It's not for you." She puts it in her mouth and rubs it along her chest. She is pretty good at teasing what looks vaguely like a serrated dick. She slowly tucks her belly and shoves her ass back and forth gently until his dick has a normal, healthy, energetic pre-ejaculation into her uterus. "Feel that. You're ready to become the father of my baby." Her speed's increasing until she's pumping him to the beat of his heart. "Love this. You're about to cum. Say it. Say 'I love this.'" His contractions start, "yes, say it," he feels it, she felt it before him somehow. After about four or five painful squeezes from his prostate he feels the tip of his cock surge with that beautiful feeling in a woman he intimately knows.

She gets up and produces a cock of her own. Erect on command, there are lumpy reverse ridges, the dildo's a match, for her pleasure. Seeing it in person, it is not what he expected. The thing drips its precum ready to service its next mate with absolute certainty. "You barely pass," she tells him. "You can't reach me like this. Watch me fuck every girl you know. That's what these are for." If her waving dick like a fat glowing hunk of lava is any indication what's about to happen, he wishes he was her right now.

She starts by interrupting the comfort maiden. This forces her to release the trance. She has an angry look. The bunnygirl breaks down in tears. "That's it," Dread tells the crying woman. "Just like that." She's not even allowed to stop before performing fellatio. Both thralls kneel and once her dick is wet from spit each unveil their tits. It looks like she's losing control of herself in the act. This is it! They make her cum and the sound it makes is audible from a distance, she shoots white-hot lava, her glowing cum with incredible viscosity, onto their cute faces and their hands go up to stop it from running down their tits. She drops her elbow, the dildo rests against the bunnygirl's shoulder and there's a hum. Her shoulder jumps.

They stare up at her waiting for another. He thinks, They didn't look at him that way when his cum was on their face.

She holds their heads together and the two girls kiss with phallic symbols next to their necks, literally blazing red cocks. Their shoulders come up while trying to kiss, as though they feel threatened, or tickled. She changes it up helping them kiss the cocks.

The master of white-hot cum hefts her flamethrower. The blue-eyed bunnygirl's eyes light up and she says, "Full blast in my mouth right now, please!"

Dread takes the green-eyed woman's head in her hands, denying those big blue eyes. She says, "I'd have her do it. You're too eager."

The elf comes over and takes the place of the bunnygirl, who backs away. Orbs of light produce from the goddess's body. They morph into their true form, bunnygirls! She's making more women appear. Dread's soon up to her shoulders in horny women trained in seduction. Women who look just like her and the ultimate bunnygirl come after her too. She cums in the maiden's mouth while she's filled with desire for all around her. Her cock vanishes.

With the chosen, feeling slightly overwhelmed by all this, he doesn't know what else to do. He joins. "Suck on this," he says holding his penis like a fishing rod.

The Witch's smoldering hot eyes look at him and she smirks, "You don't know what you're getting yourself into now. I'll show you." She easily accepts the challenge. Women holding her down, getting intimately immersed touching her. "Even this won't be enough." She kneels and he feels a lustful pang, true lust since the last phenomenal women he successfully bred. It felt so long ago. He casts for a hearty erection and it dangles over her bright red eyes. She goes strong from smooching and immediately turns into a wet sloppy blowjob. Her lips press out, she makes noise with her throat. Being blown by this nemesis, he felt her hair and then grabs her with both hands to press her down. She does, and her puckered lips touch the base. She opens her mouth and slowly slides her head back overpowering both his arms. Once out, she says, "Take your time and enjoy. Once you're done. We'll go a second round and see who comes out on top." She smirks while lowering back down staring up at him until her lips kiss the tip. She laps at him with her tongue while burying her face down slowly, her eyes smiling. With just her tongue and throat she's so powerful, he thinks. No, she also has experience seducing. She has forced people to love her. She's entered combat for the sole purpose of 'this.' That's what has set her apart. He can't stop it, he can feel it, he can feel how good she is at 'this.' "Hehe mmmh mhh." She comes back up "You're leaking, you have such a fragile tract. When I do this. I can taste it. Do you have to poop too?" Why's she saying these gross things? How much can she smell? She goes in and her lips form a tight ring his cock's tightly cinched at the base of his glans within her pursed, puckered kisser. He tries to escape by pushing her face away. She laughs. Her arms by her sides, she only swallows and the vacuum her throat makes pulls him back down to the base, deepthroating him completely. He can feel the head of his cock swell. But simply cumming wouldn't be enough, would it? He released all his stored fluids then. The drain pipes are now empty. He never considered humiliating a woman, even her, like that. He feels foolish now. Her face has a tell, in that moment, she was gratified. Then he knew she forced it, he knew it, she did that intentionally. She has voluntarily drank more than cum from his body, and made him feel that.

She gets up and fails to suppress the gratification that she could do this to him. Smirking, tight lips, one eyebrow raised. Such an obvious look. He'd come away burned like this repeatedly. He knew it. If he went mano a mano she'd win at everything. He wants to see what she'll do next, he'll embrace it, if he can stay in control. She says, "Don't tell. Or I'll use my finger next time," she snaps a finger across his butt like her arms weren't even being held back by eight women, "in your butt." Threatening him like that, with beautiful women all around. It's a beautiful way to win.

Now she stands up and lifts her arms as if she's ready to fight. Imagine having to fight anyone that just did that to you, let alone a woman made of steel chords and crazy juice. He buffs his strength. He won't hold back. She smashes her fist into him about two hundred times per second and finishes with a roundhouse kick. He landed mercifully unhurt on the spot he stood.

"Where were we?" she asks. She removes her armor. Kicking his ass turned her on. The real pleasure will be stealing his girls who were watching. His smell is on all of them. She gets on top of the buxom goddess from her front and plays with her tits. Her cunt waters. "You haven't seen anything like this have you?" She puts their two pussies together and thrusts repeatedly. "Oh. Oh girl you're going to make me cream for both of us." The Pink Witch is thrusting her own wet snatch at the bunnygirl on her side. One of their pussies goes pew shooting a stream of girlcum out, and then the other. The goddess is giving up what little control she had for more of this right here. The throng of women surrounding them all start jilling in unison. Dread is getting louder until she finally cums and there's another bang when her moist insides blow hot steam and ejaculate like a geyser into her mate. All the women who were summoned faint during a cacophony of liberating screams. In that moment, even Dread shudders from ecstasy, her stomach palpitates with the sound a beating heart. The person learning from all this is seeing it up close from below, but he's still thinking about that thing she did with her throat.

They try to wake up before Pink does and overpower her with magic and ropes. They talk together, "We got her. Quick." But this powerhouse moves like a contortionist, she won't let them. And she cranks her body like a ratchet wrench to some disturbingly accurate sound effects.

The ninja brings the dickdemon, she bound it to her. The priestess interrupts whatever she had in mind, "I'm going to have to stop you right there." Of course, her mom's there too.

The two angels and the fuckboy confront the ninja and cohort before they completely hold Dread down.

An angel wearing red takes on the dickdemon, it's entertaining to her. She turns around and stares down the white angel, who's supposed to be with her, who smiles back at her.

The comfort maiden gets on the pink despot's corner and whispers to her. Dread's dick pops out. Red energy courses through her body. Is her cock a source of power? The chosen muses. She reluctantly allows Dread to fuck her while she continues whispering in her ear. "You can't have him," Dread says defiantly. Him who? Although she easily overpowers the woman by all rights, she doesn't stay visibly mad. She sees she's being watched and appearances still matter. "How about this? It'll be like when we met." She releases a sonic burst, somehow, while holding the helpless woman and being restrained, and the concussion stuns everyone. This disorients the already prone chosen as well. "After all these years. I've never had to try. I could easily beat anyone. And then you took Her." The woman in front of her is already fainting and she fucks her upright seated body in her arms. The woman screams like she'll be killed. Pink releases another sort of blast into the woman's uterus while climaxing, stifling her with a gut-punch of DNA through the pussy into her womb. "Afraid? Did I break your eggs this time? Don't you know? It's basic female anatomy. You should feel this pleasure." She drops her to the ground in front of both her fuckboy and the chosen. "Zeth, he always knew how to knock a woman up. Why did he pick you? Take her. No. On second thought I... leave her be." Her train of thought was derailed for a moment. Her fear of something. Something the woman said earlier.

Her whole being wants to release in another woman like that. Zeth's daughter, no, she can't. She's loyal and Zeth would be displeased. Such a gift she has, one of His.

She looks around at the harem of bunnygirl maids. They're picking themselves up. She puts her cock in one that looks like her. "Watch me fuck myself a second time. And this time," she says, her penis erupting with energy knocking her double out immediately, with eruption upon insertion, "I have a real dick. Now watch this." The guy she knocked out has healed, and he's watching her rip out her ridge of glowing lava. Her double orgasmically twitches on the ground. She connects the dildo with another maid and it makes similar eruptions. She pulls it out quickly and a trail of energized blue girlcum flows along the blade. After being given context what 'watch this' meant, the woman sprays her spooge around and falls to her side. She's caught on the wrist in a calculated manner dropping her lightly. Dread broke the image of a female body into as many small pieces as possible.

The chosen noticed she didn't deliberately let another woman fall. Interesting, he thinks. He tries, failing, to move. He'll be able to talk and heal himself, eventually. Enchanting himself to be attractive didn't pan out so easily.

Dread's still riled up and she sets on the goddess. "Ladies," as she says it, she grabs a fistful of the milky goddess's hair. "Your master has only had a few years of experience. I've been doing things she's never felt forever." She places her wand below her shaft. It connects at the scrote-thing, forming a second crimson-glowing cock.

The priestess sees this, "Not Yakre, nor Zeth gave me such a gift."

She holds her two cocks against the maid's face rubbing them in. Dread looks like she's bothered for a moment, her real cock precums just from being in the presence of that beauty. The goddess winces and lets out a high pitched squeal. "Get on your knees," commands Dread. The goddess is in position to doggystyle. Dread hesitates and both her phalli precum more. She might completely climax like this. She's never had a shot at a woman so powerful, like this one. They're just not something you see every day. She goes for it.

There's an immediate reaction. Her armor appears to protect her. A barrier of her make and her armor prevents blue magic from immediately flowing out onto her. Dread says, "You were naughty. You have such an irresistible thing here. How could you?" Her cocks can barely penetrate. There's a blue ring forming reflecting her red cocks. It noticeably reacts now. "Give up bitch. You want this as badly as I." It looks like layers of shielding are coming off in pulses shaking the woman below her. Dread's armor is coming off her, snapping, making sparks. She jackhammers against the barrier until it shatters. There's a smack and wet squelch when Dread's pelvis slaps into the goddess unprotected, inside.

The magic bunnygirl had little time to plan earlier. She cast a shield and let her sex do the talking from then on. This sudden violation of her wasn't at all unwelcome. She's finally been penetrated. She sticks her tongue out. She repeatedly sounds a noise like 'haw' and breathes in a pitched whine as the air in her lungs is forced in and out. She cums and doesn't hide that fact one bit, she's letting it happen, she's amplifying the sensation as much as she can, she's putting herself out there for the conqueror of ancient lands. The best.

Dread lifts the full-grown woman up off the ground while pounding two magic dicks in her. The bunnygirl's bigger in bust and proportions so it's as kinky as it is impressive. When the two cocks in her are about to give in, the powerful woman has to pull out. "Oh! Nooo. Oh!" her shouts echo. She's taken by surprise by her own orgasm, with a mix of glowing energy and cum washing about them.

The goddess only has a moment of intense gratification to relax and enjoy when the cum fills her stomach and womb. She blacks out making a ghastly expression. And along with her, the rest of the harem she brought collapsed in pools of various secretions.

Dread falls to her knees and lets go. Both cocks get blown out of their goddess-class sockets from the simultaneous orgasms creating a 'bang!' like a popgun, and then ejaculating columns of white lava that vaporizes in thin air. Her legs kick, throwing her back several feet, then she crawls a few more feet away. She gets on one elbow before looking back with a look of awe, and her eyes stare hard at the goddess. What will she do next?

The goddess wakes up as jets of cyan, ruby, and white cum continue to issue from her. She gets on her front again, on her knees with her elbows out, chin to the ground. Her lower-back and ass stick up. She has a long-delayed orgasm with her inputs back on display. It's an open invitation to do it again.

Everyone's cock is precumming in anticipation of getting close to her. And some of the girl parts too.

Dread, out of breath, "She is the sexiest thing ever. Zeth, protect me." In seeing that, her quickened hard-ons bleed out the vital seed.

The priestess stands near Illmuire's thrall. She takes the defeated looking woman in front of her and tears off the leggings down to the knee. The bottom of her clothes leaving only the tail. There was nothing but a heap of flesh there, waiting to be fucked, and it shook from exhiliration.

The throng of women around are waking up to their own unruly climaxes. Screaming and writhing in agonizing ecstasy.

"Where's the fear?" the maiden asks. "You're going to be raped." She pulls out a glowing blue dildo and stuffs her own pussy. It connects. Her own Zeth-given erection appears, and her vaginal entrance vanishes leaving her with two dicks. She aims at her mark. One drips blue glowing energy and twitches as it closes in on an entrance. The other red like crimson is puffing, and it's twitching, almost there. "I've practiced this now. Only the chosen can harness its power fully. How about you? Say my name. Show me your fear." She slaps the quivering flesh. Her hand feels numb, she ignores it. "You're going to lose this time." She slaps her there to see the wobble of her thick doll. She shakes her head letting her red hair flow. She shrugs her shoulders from the tickle she gave herself. "You know what I want. Give it to me." Her cocks' urethras both tingle with anticipation.

The bunnygirl is so turned on her body quakes from the sensation of being touched. She shakes her hair, having been requisitioned, it turns black for her conqueror's amusement.

"Is that all?" mocks the priestess. Her fingers grow dark. She'll shove them in her doll's ass if she doesn't give in.

The goddess looks behind her with wide eyes.

That's it. There is is. She's able to see the woman's face once more before fucking her. The mock fear there will suffice. She clasps her doll's exposed hips, the dark fingers easily digging in bruising her. She lines up their hips and puts her blood-red dick in the wrong hole. The priestess gasps in recognition of her foe, Impossible. Her mother lost in this very spot and now she will, too, before she even makes the goddess climax one time. She's more powerful than I imagined.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 13: Chosen[/size][/u]

Everything happened so fast. He wanted to blame unfairness. The Dread Witch had eons to work on her personal repertoire and she recruited the First Fuckboy Chosen. Excuses, the newly chosen thinks. He really should have learned to fight better.

He was fucked twice before he could really understand what was happening; He saw the undercarriage of the two women screwing; Now another has her, and in such a way, if they weren't already his favorites he could fall in love at the sight all over again. Then it's like time stopped. All were still but the dickdemon screwing a red angel.

He gets up, finally. Nobody's moving around near him. He reaches out and touches the glowing sunny beauty sticking it to their team. The desire to be where she is tickles his body. He asks, "Are you alright?"

The redhead responds to him by panting-out her words, "I can't move. I'm about to lose it like she did. I can't move. I'm gonna... It's a stalemate."

"How'd you do this?" she inquires.

The cute image of them is something the chosen will cherish. He reaches behind grabbing where their pussies are and feels the dildo. He works it out of the goddess and easily takes control of it. It removes from its purchase revealing the priestess's ballsack. Its blue energies seethe and drip along his hand.

He says, "So this is it. You had it. You were holding out on me. As a bonus, I can see both of you down there now, much better." She shakes her head.

She orders him, "Stop. Don't play with us like that. You're still doing it. Look at us. You withheld admirably before while having sex. When we were all there working against you, teasing you. How can anyone resist this for even a moment?" She barely squeezes the woman's hips in front of her and then moans. She responds to a mental image, "Yes. You're the bossy. You're comparing yourself to a cow."

He doesn't know, in regards to her question. Does the tome-wielder's body work differently from hers, or any of the previous chosen for that matter? He could have sex with all these beautiful women someday. He will. It's settled. He tells himself, What I risk now is my future, the future of all humanity. There's only one option. They're so freaking cute together.

"Hey what are you doing? Stop it, you idiot! It's a stalemate. You fucking asshole! No no, don't even think that. Don't do it. Fuck you!" her mouth says... but she's a little angry strawberry strawberry girly screams happily coitally blissfully.

He wants to get rough with them. He mushes up their butts. He works the luxurious ass on the woman in front until he touches something.

Girl dick, is there such a thing? he doesn't figure. He puts his fingers around its base, solid. He slips a finger in next to it, rough but slick smoothness inside. The asshole is so hot, the look and texture. He feels his knuckle pressing into the ass of a woman at the same time she's being screwed and her hot little cinnamon ring looks so good. He lets go.

Reaching around, he grabs both the glorious asscheeks and pushes them around grinding the cute girl's dick. Making a gregarious pooter feel it grind even deeper, they both say a heartfelt "fuck" and don't move. They're truly at his mercy. They can't stop moaning.

"I guess you'll have to hold her here. You can do that right?" he asks. The bunnygirl understands.

She's enjoying this quite a lot actually. "I'm fine. I can suck a dick too," she advises. She's a three-input girl, goddammit, she's going to advertise it.

He doesn't hesitate to put the dildo near her face and she gives a demonstration, leaning on her hands. The blue essence drips out her lips. Yeaaaah, he hasn't a doubt about it now, this is not a stalemate.

He straightens up. He can finally try another reason to fight for their future, "There's only one option, to fight. The future is at stake. If we lose. Will there be bunnygirls? What will happen to all the women with big tits?" The one figuratively balls deep in such a woman gasps. Her cock literally balls deep feels a pang of regret. He continues, "Aren't we losing her in that outcome?"

She thinks, He understands. He gets her. Her sexual aggression is almost entirely focused on her type: Tantalizing tits, thick, curvaceous, glamorous, the affects of wealth. Holy shit he gets her. 'He's' really here.

Like he meant to do a moment earlier, he turns to face Dread and conquer her.

The Voracious Warlord from Ancient Times recovers her resolve. After recently perishing in the ass of a bunnygirl goddess she found herself enraptured and sweating bullets. She wipes off the blue energy that sprayed on her with her hands. She does the barest effort of footwork kicking earth horizontally.

In the blink of an eye she's standing in a staging area she had ready. There's something like a fleshy wall binding a woman to it. To the side are two angels and a familiar man. On the other side are cushions framed for reclining on, a makeshift bed. Dread explains, talking loud easily enough everyone can hear it's like she's on a bullhorn, "I have your aunt captive here. You'll do what I tell you now. Come to me, chosen." He comes. There's no other option, he thinks.

They get comfortable close together next to the bed. She spreads her legs, unarmed, just her soft frothy womanhood housed inside a nubile gymnast-like body surrounded by mortal coils and more... He immediately gets hard, ignoring the rest. The color of her skin, her hair, her nethers, they glow.

Pink.

"Here's the game we'll play," she tells him, and whoever else hears. "Lie down and we'll have sex. While he keeps going, you have to keep going." He thinks that doesn't sound too bad. "When she cums I'll switch with one of them." She turns to the wall. She orders, "Get her ready." The captive woman slides low on the living wall so her head is low. With its moving strands of flesh, it repositions her without ever letting her go. The angels eagerly swoon and the red-winged one whistles. Dread's face is telling.

"She's a lucky girl," they say.

He understands, She is being forced into having sex with that man. THAT prior chosen. The dancer. The tome doesn't even tell the guy's perspective with the modified genitals. What's he supposed to do?

I can't believe a chosen would turn so easily like that.

There are a whole lot of questions about what he's going to do with her from that position. His cock moves. That. What'll that do to her? She's tickled way too hard and starts making noises, like it's painful. Her body is moving uncontrollably to push him away.

"Don't be so rough with her. What are you doing to her?" the chosen finally asks. The woman on him puts a finger to his lips again.

With her finger on his lips, she blows a kiss and then she says, "Shhh. Don't worry," and for some reason her voice is a soothing tenor, "when we get rough with you, she'll beg for your safety the same way. Shhh. I'll be gentle. There you go. Feel that pussy. I'm being gentle." He mutters a chant to try outlasting her. "That's the spirit. You got harder. Let me grip it firmer." He puts the dildo near her ass to vibe her. "Don't expect that to work. You don't need that, you have a magic cock already." Dread tries to take the dildo, but she can't for some reason. It gets stuff all over her hand. She likes the feeling of it though. Trying to take it is distracting her, and this is a game. She focuses back on her killer moves.

Where's her dildo? He wonders. Hers is on the blanket on the ground they have around them. It's a striking resemblance to a picnic plus a cot.

She removes her leftover scraps of armor. He didn't really notice them until she did. She's all woman, naked. She does a very interesting motion with her waistline and rides him. Big fat wet pink coolant beads. Trails of sweat roll down her body as her movement is too quick to let it stick. She's heating up and he's getting wet from her touch. She's like a greased up swimmer.

Is she really going to ride out the clock using such an elaborate movement? A woman screams in a warbly unbecoming way. He can't believe it. "She's cumming giving head so soon. I'll be seeing you again in a minute," the sexy witch tells him. She twists and her belly appears to shrink from the muscles flexing under her skin. There's a strange noise coming from her body at that moment. Is she built like a snake or a ferret?

He challenges her, "How much muscle control do you have?"

The inside of her pussy feels like it has his dick held firmly, it strokes his cock from the tip to the base with precision before her body gives a sign of movement. Her face is the first thing that moves. It makes her look very young. She rises and the head is tightly sucked at, she lets her insides stretch out, eliciting a pop between them when separating. Was that his answer? Her joy in life must be to mess with people exactly like this.

There are a few seconds after she stands up for him to figure this out. He holds the blessed dildo near his ballsack. Nothing happens. "Connect," he says. Nothing. "Come on. How are these women so good at holding two dicks?" An angel sits on him, and he sees Red, red lingerie. The only thought he can articulate is that her red pussy hair is barely hiding her clit, then she shoves him in and milks him without warning. Cum pours out of his dick and barely trickles out of her when she stands up.

"Not shabby," she says. "You better get ready, the next girl's a freakazoid."

"Ok," he gasps out. He casts a spell while catching his breath. The other angel comes, white, pure. That bad angel is jealous, aren't they similar enough to get along?

"Fuck me yes oh yes!" she makes noise. She makes a lot of noise vocally, "My pussy eats your dick! Eat my pussy, dick. Eat inside my pussy," not really saying anything. Her pussy is popping from repeatedly pulling his dick out and shoving it back in. Precise, but such a mess. Despite the progressive mess, his cum spilling out, her tits wobbling about, it's like she's unable to feel any sensation but pleasure. The shit she says is just 'noise.'

She's not crushing it, she's working around him carefully teasing out the intercourse. He buzzes her clit with the wand to little effect but she smiles with her lips pursed to encourage him. He gladly focuses on her impossible tits instead. She giggles from the tickle. He puts the thing down. His hands grab fistfuls of forbidden angel cakes, the rings rub against him. It's not possible, these gravity-defying, floating, love balloons look like they should be hanging down, not straight and up. What kind of buoyancy? What are they made of? She puts her hands on his, is she going to overpower him? She's too late. "Yes, squeeze my mommy milkies. Watch." she forces his hands tighter pressing her tits together, begging for it! The nipples collide and the floating tits flatten out. And she lactates! Tighter and the milk squirts out. "Keep going. Keep going. Yes! Squeeze it out."

"What the..?" The milk's turning clearer, 'rabbit milk,' uncle called it. Powerful stuff. My tongue runs around the gold-colored rings. Her nipple fully engorges pushing outward hard and white, grazing the roof of my mouth and catching on my upper teeth in my first careful attempt. "You have diamonds. Your rings are dangerous." It's like the button of a shirt in texture with a zipper attached. My face is surrounded by heat while suckling, her smooth creamy goodness yields and bounces as she continues to work me to the next big moment. I suck at the nubs of her teat and run my mouth over all the magic milk I can. She's pure angel, 'falling,' pure angel. The milk is potent, still brewing with virile energy that marks her part of the Champion's tribe.

He feels better sucking white-hard tits by the moment. He feels really good about sucking tits like these, the feeling, the taste. He didn't want to stop. He sucks hard eliciting her most enthusiastic consent. It takes no time before he hears her climax again. He overhears a conversation between Pink and Red.

"What do you think of a regular cock?" asks Dread. "You've been sleeping with 'him' this whole time."

The red angel with regal curls licks her lips before simply stating, "His cum is pure."

How's he going to get out of this? He also has that dangerous artifact. A last resort. What should he do? He asks, "Can we move to the bed?" He looks up at the salivating woman on him. He sees her white hair and it scares him a little how intricately someone has woven metal sticks, chrome materials, little balls that move without making a sound, and a soft weave like her hair's mid-section is a shark fin that shakes about, breathing and flapping on her head while she moves it. The two sides of her hair are loose in the back but tight in the front smoothing out. If he had to define sanity he'd rule out her hairdresser. "Turn your head to the side for a moment." In the back, her hair's jutting out like several paintbrush tips trimmed to a fine point. "Ok. Thanks." That didn't change his opinion.

The cycle of violent intercourse goes on.

Here I am.

One. Known easily as Pink, her red eyes, red hair. She returned. She goes reverse and then arches her back until her face touches my left. "You hanging in there?" she says a concerned squeaky falsetto. Going back to normal, "Look at her. She's being prepared for her last fertilization." The captive's been set up for a frontal fuck and tentacle dick is working his way in slowly. "She's faking her orgasm now. But we can tell. He can tell too, with that." I'm slightly concerned about 'final' when she talked about intercourse. This acrobatic move she's doing though. I should do more. I can reach her front. I train the dildo on her clit and squeeze one of her tits. I'm staring down her shoulder into her mons and I admire the shapelyness of her bosom. I've fertilized her before and I'll do it again right now, it's outside my capability to deny her as my cock shoots off inside her thinking about it.

Two. I'm looking at red wings, red fuzz, the killer pussy, a red-stained wild beast with pointed pink nipples. She doesn't even hesitate to force an orgasm. My heaven. Then she slowly levitates her ass up waiting to strike again. She's holding her arms out in a barrel shape. I try to grab her tits and nearly blackout from her counter, whatever it was. I wake up to the captive woman screaming the names of people I don't recognize.

Three. White wings. She's sing-song monotonously droning, "I love you. You love me. Put fat cock in my pussy." What's with the voice she's making? She changes to a throaty niche-rich, "Darling. Shoot it in. Yes. Oh darling you have to. You just have to give me your next cummy I can't live without." Squeezing her own tits. Back to norm... 'normal,' "You want these. You want to suck my tits. You stare."

I manage to get words out, "Don't waste a drop," and gobble her red bits down, the rush, the feeling of them stiffening again, and swallowing deep; I suspend disbelief to the feeling of her breast having an orgasm when I touch it. The rabbit milk is restoring strength faster than I'm losing it and tingling my whole body face-first... Four. Pink. 

She says, "I can see you enjoy sucking tits. He'll suck on her tits if he likes. He can fill every part of a woman. Should we demonstrate? Your hag of a relative has decent tits." She does try to grab my interest with her own bits. But this is ineffective for drawing my cum out so she does the splits. Five. Red.

I ask, "Can I feel your tits? I won't try to escape." I offer a sincerely hopeful look. Doubling the milk supply could end this. She smiles.

"Try," she says. I'm scared. She'll smash me once before I know it, and there it is. Watching her body glide up as she strokes my cock from base to tip. I grab her ass, this doesn't bother her in the slightest.

This is an opportunity. I feel her wings and there's a bundle at the tailbone. It slaps my hand. It actually hurt. Her hips slap into mine. "Don't get too comfortable. I think we're just friends," she says. I'm draining out. I could have done worse. Six. White.

I watch a woman in white have a full-body orgasm again and again. Between climaxes, she sucks in her stomach and her body does a full-frontal wave twerking her piercings up. As she gets closer, she leans her head back staring up; I try drinking as much as I can when she's like this. An angel getting her tits sucked while she leans back. My dick came out. Her wings come out and slap the bed which manages to launch her into a backflip from our horizontal tango. She's laughing uncontrollably and it's a bit catching. Seven. Pink.

She's not even looking at me. She says, "The stuff he's putting in her is amazing. You should see what his thing can do. He can fertilize all her eggs. All at once." She's looking back at him instead. She's a little too high on power from the sound of it.

She calls out, "I'm about ready for a hit." After saying that, she gets up and goes over to the wall this time. Eight... Red?

No, she left before anyone signalled. Is the game over then? I wonder. I think she's getting hornier, not less, and she's having sex constantly. I cast a spell on my dick again, as I have been doing, maybe it's working. I've got plenty of energy, my mouth feels wet, I lick at the corner of my mouth, sweet.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 14: Captive[/size][/u]

The mistress ran from the mansion with her husband, the young uncle of the chosen, leaving something of a fun romp and play puzzle for the nephew to trigger at the solstice. They had no want for continuing these things. The two adults are quite capable of getting it on.

Instead of waking up one morning, the mistress felt her body digested. She woke up to a battle unfolding. One of the salacious kind.

She's positioned to suck cock. A pornstar is provided for her to suck off. Whoever that guy is, she's definitely going to enjoy him. She's agreeable even when he pushes her face down to his ballsack. She wants to lick his chocolate body all over.

His words give warning, "Hey, slutty girl. Try not to enjoy it so much. We're doing things over there. If you cum. We'll punish him."

She thinks she gets it. To her, it looks like he takes out something like a giant feather where his penis should be.

"Is this going to be tickle torture?" she asks, expecting it.

His feelers touch her eyelashes at first, one earlobe, there's a certain reaction someone has, tickled, yes, and a reflex to get away. "Sumtn' like that," he agrees. He puts the feelers in her ears. Her eyelids are gently felt. Her lips and nose against his ballsack she happily sucks at him, only sporadically jerking her neck to get away from the feelers.

If he'd stopped she could enjoy this completely. He steps away from her slightly so nothing's at her lips. Something went up her nose, it's very gentle and smooth but it feels like it's behind her eyes. She starts jerking her body, it's useless. Her ears, her whole head, he's in her hair doing who knows what. He's tickling her neck, this time with his hand, ah, he's petting her. Her ears are being stimulated by a clicking noise and she jerks her shoulders up repeatedly. "Ah! Ah! Aah. Ooh. Oooo!!" she's doing that. Her body gives up and every muscle contracts repeatedly. Her pelvic muscles engage. "NNNNg uoooh!" She's brought to a full climax letting out a scream like bloody murder. "Ahahah," she's laughing, she can't help be embarrassed.

How did that happen? She doesn't know. She came from that. Wow, she thinks. If this man decides the fate of humanity, she'd follow him.

He takes his dick away.

"She came," says a woman. "My turn to use him. Bye." The red angel leaves them. The guy stops, and watches to see her leave, only just.

Her tickle resumes and her body reacts early. He clears his throat, imploring her, "Try harder. He's suffering." She can hear a man yell over on the side, what's the winged bat girl done to him? She never knew an eargasm was literal. The things they're doing could be worse than she imagines. What else is in store?

She hears fluid running and a squirting noise immediately followed by a cool sensation in her ear. His things are curling around the inside of her, up her nose. She opens her mouth and coughs repeatedly. "Please," she coughs, "help me. Ugh. Stop it no this aah. Aah. I can't breathe." Stuff drips out, seething purple energy resides in it.

Dread, already waiting for confirmation, asks, "Did she?" He nods. She came again so easily.

The naked woman doting on this pornstar pretends not to care by starting a conversation. He puts his cock near the captive's face. She's bound by her ankles on her knees now. Stuff dripping out feels achingly good. That's not a feather. It's like any dick, she tells herself. She opens her mouth closing her eyes while jerking him off. "Use your tongue. Don't you care about him?" he asks. She holds out her tongue and rubs around the head on it. She doesn't have to be told how to suck dick. She doesn't even know who this 'him' refers to. She's getting mad. How's he resisting her? How's she losing so easily?

He helps by putting it in deep, the feeling of her throat being violated is already becoming orgasmic. Her cheeks stretch out from his things unfurling. He's pushing deeper into her esophagus and she's feeling more of it going out through her nose. It's pulling at her tongue. Her mouth is held open with her tongue stuck out by the strength of his cock's grip on it. She makes a crying noise as she can barely make a sound now. He hits the roof of her mouth tickling it and she starts thrashing around. He tries her ears again once she's down near the base. His ballsack touches her chin.

He shoots the real thing in every defiled part of her. It comes out her mouth, her nose, her ears, glowing purple and white cum. "She's cumming," still in her, he says that like it already happened.

Her crotch overflows. She swallows, her swelling tear duct, her sore throat. Her eyes puffy, her face red, just as though she's been crying. She's not feeling adequate. She came three times just from him putting it in her mouth. This is a thing she wishes her husband would try more often. He pulls out.

"No, please. Put your dick back in," she hears herself say that. "I love it."

The wall retakes her arms. She's lifted up, pelvis forward. Her lower half is held out like an offering with her ass spread by the cupping seat. He puts his dick near her entrance and something goes in first scouting for weakpoints. "Your dick has a tongue? Oh!" she moans. She jerks her body when it really hits her in the right spot. "Stick that tongue as deep as it can go. That's amazing." Her volume raises as the intensity increases. His hands are on her hips, he's watching her belly. The head of his cock brushes gently a few centimeters in and out. She jerks up and down. She yells as her abs flex her pussy reaching for something to love. "Fuck me. Gaaah!" is all she articulates.

Her head is tilted back. She's held with her pelvis stuck out. Her legs are held apart for him. She can't see much. Her sight and ears are restricted as solid mass covers them. Someone puts their hands on her exposed body feeling her tits, past her belly button, down to her mons, brushing against her clit. She's feeling really good now. She feels it put inside, it trips every chord of muscles, massages deep into untouched places around it, and then things spread out inside; Things come out once the feather's deep in. They rub firmly into her anus, her clit, and send impulses into her through hidden erogenous bits deep inside. Feeling a familiar thing touch her anus, he must finally be completely inside. Her uterus is stretching out from something that grips and shoves aside her folds like a living thing.

She lets out her honest feelings with her body and her lungs. She can't hear or see any of it, but she can feel it, and it feels right. She tries screaming the names of the butlers and the women she's molested over the years. She says something like "The fattest cock ever. This is it. Take everything away." before her throat is sore from yelling. Her sweat glands open to release pheromones and her body is relaxed with a sensation of melted butter glazing her skin. Her squishy inside keeps attempting to grip tightly wrestling his cock can fronds. Her body sends the message she wants to tell the bull, 'Knock me up. I'm already yours.'

Her loins are very sensitive now and the slightest touch can cause a wave of giddy sensations. He pumps in and out smoothly feeling her insides vibrate and climax, her lubricant trying to get out. He pulls out. She wants to cry and complain he didn't even finish the job. The hood is lifted off her face so she hears again. Now she'll tell him. "Ugn un aah. Huu," got it? Yeah. She'll tell him. "Uhhhuh. Uhhh. Yeeah Uhh?" Her head is moved forward to see what's happening. He shoves his dick in and after unfurling yanks it out making a zip of wet noise. "Brrrflabalalblaballsdickanal..." She uttered some other belligerent jibberish. She was spilling her girlcum the whole time with both of their lubricant.

Her chest is held out, and her face is accessible, but her hands are held back. He must be aiming for another blowjob. She hears "tits" being repeatedly spoken. "Tits" like a warning. "Tits" she could go for a pair of tits like the girls near her, it's them, they are shaking like leaves, literally their feathers, they're waving their shoulders, their tits are MASSIVE, their wings puff out. Feathery. They whisper of tits and their tits swing rapidly from the rush they felt with their nipples trailing in view like psychedlic trippy lights. The red one looks back at her, definitely measuring her. She has an emotional look and immediately her hand goes up accidentally brushing her tit aside. She bends forward and puts her hand to her mouth before looking away.

I can still see your tits if you turn away you fucking... titty-flapping plastic porno doll, says the captive. Well, actually she didn't say that. The feeling of getting zipped made her ass start twitching bordering orgasmic. So, after seeing the women flap their bodies in view, she tried to tell them what she thought and a severely ticklish sensation made her leg shake uncontrollably while she squeezed her kegel muscles as hard as she could. But she moved her mouth to say it, and it's the thought that counts.

The third one returns. The captive finally gets a good look at her body. She's like a work of art. Chiseled physique, soft enough looking in her middle she could be nat. Her body is impossible! No matter how much she's worked out, it's not possible. The astounding woman she's looking at says, "Fuck her tits. He'll get a kick out of it."

Dread laughs it off like a joke. She's visibly nervous.

He pumps his dick between her tits. After digging in and getting a good feel, he lets go with his hands. Things are pinching her right breast all over. He flicks her left nipple. She asks, "Is there something wrong with my tits? Why is everyone upset? And you're..." Flick. He sighs while he pinches her big nipples. "Oh, I see. The women there do it better. I'll give you a titjob, let go of my arms."

Dread says, "Look at him. This isn't a titjob. Forget what you know. You have no hope this time."

The captive wonders, What? OW WHAT! It's like getting stuck with needles at first. In pain, she thought she might be getting mutilated at the sight of his things latching to her skin. "Leeches?" she asks. She doesn't feel it anymore. He's crushing her nipple with the head of his cock. He's inside her milk ducts using them like any other part of her. "There's no way. What is this?" He shoves the head of his cock into her nipple with some force and she thinks he's penetrated her that way too. Her tit puffs up, he's inflating her milk sacs by fucking the ducts with his little things. "No. You're ruining me. Why does it feel good?" He does the other. She starts drooling everywhere (everywhere that can drool), her nipples are hard and fat with his stuff leaking out around them.

The impossible woman's anticipating his next action, so she lets her know, "Here's the fun part."

He puts his dick between them. While he fucks her pumped-up tits he keeps working at her milk sacs until he cums covering her face and the breasts he augmented. She tries to sound like she's crying, she shrieks like she's mad. She has to keep yelling louder enough it sounds like she's gone completely mad.

"She came," he says.

"How can you say that?" she says fretfully. Having lost.

Dread holds up one finger pointing at her, "You came. Even I can tell. Heh. The angels complain more. You really liked it. Didn't you?"

The captive can feel her face flush. Her body is extremely sensitive. "Yes," she admits. "I love everything he's doing." And she thinks, my body's his already.

She is turned to her side with that thing of his sliding in and out of her. She is singing a few notes to try to keep her throat clear. His thrust changes her pitch. She thinks he reached her brain with that thing. The next time she cums his dick makes a sound like a crack of thunder. Spunky oil and energy hit her and it spills out.

She's turned completely over with nothing but a ring around her middle holding her in place, her legs swing unless she bends them up slightly to stand below on a bar directly under the ring. Her arms in front of her are allowed to swing down with nothing to hold onto. He teases her ass by slapping it with his cock before putting it back in her pussy. Finally, normal sex, she thinks. His cock pressing her cervix is not unfamiliar. The force of his thrusting welcome. He slaps her ass handily. He grabs her nipples. "Don't pull them. Ow. They're still too sensitive," she complains. He cums while using her. The power of it, taking his seed. She can't help herself being overtaken by the sensation. That did it!

She's turned over completely, facing her pelvis out. She says, "We've done this already." He goes in and his things radiate through her loins. "Don't, yes, that thing is so amazing. What's that? I feel like I'm cumming. I can't believe how good this feels. I can die now. Just kill me." He's reaching into her, threading through with incredibly powerful energy. She can feel something big in store. Dread interrupts before the woman has a chance to give up completely.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 15: Red Arrow[/size][/u]

Dread goes to him. She gets down and sucks at him feeling the wings on his dick. She involuntarily gags and still going, the stuff went up her nose. She has a moment, she couldn't have felt better.

She helps it out, then she says, "Thanks, darling. I needed that. You were really going to impregnate her?" He takes her arm pulling her close. He holds her roughly, turned around, his cock finds its way in her from behind. He lets go and she's in a wheelbarrow position. He spanks her. His stuff pours out, then he pulls out with a plop and a splat as she ejects the thick stuff. More white pours out in a liquid stream. He lets her rest. "Had enough?" She's on her elbows until the excess spills and gets up.

"You know I like that." She puts herself against him and then asks, "Do you want to do it here?"

He gets closer to her face. "Alright girl. I'll do your favorite thing." He goes back in standing. After a minute she's fighting back. His cock tethers to her. He was about to fuck that lady's full body! She giddily lets go and it's like their genitals are fighting. The bulge is visible where he's hitting her womb. Despite all the fluids he's putting out, judging by how her body's moving, neither is winning. He suddenly jerks like he got caught on the unseen parts her sex. "There it is," he declares. She stops fighting and lets him fill her. She's cumming, and she wants that to happen while he's in her like this.

The chosen one's been left alone. He thinks, My dick's hard. What is she doing? Is there a weakness? That guy can screw her, and I'm more shocked he could do it like passably normal sex with her. "How about another game?" He says, "You have him. But what if you didn't?" He has the other man's attention. "How about we join forces to beat her?" The man with the fanned-out schlong nods. He's unreadable. He pushes the ecstatic body he's holding against the wall. He's still inside her. She hasn't had a chance to recover. Something's definitely got them both excited. He puts his hand on it and it reforms to hold Dread in place. She's enjoying it. Just like that. "You're on. Keep her busy or she'll snap this thing." It's a challenge to overpower her poor judgment with her insatiable sex drive!

She's grasping the weight of the situation. "You've gone too far." She says with joy in her voice. The wall covers her eyes. "Suck both our dicks. Tell us whose it is. Infinite blowjobs until we're done." He 'releases' her. She moans from the unseen forces. Then he stops fucking her and pulls out. He turns to the people watching. "Red, you want in?" He refers to the priestess who came close.

"Hang on," she says.

He shrugs.

The dancer's dick takes the shape of a normal penis to fool Dread. He puts it in her mouth. She sucks it like she was told. She looks like she's got something good. "That's the chosen, that's obviously his dick," she says. Next, the chosen puts his penis in her mouth and can barely hold his breath to avoid giving the trick away. After several seconds of trying not to cum it pays off. "What? What's that? Who is this?" He motions to the priestess to fuck her with them, she declines but she's visibly bothered and hot. The dancer has a suggestion, "What do you have besides that?" The chosen knew exactly that meant.

The tome spelled it out for him, 'Touch it and you'll be a fuckboy.'

Or perhaps, "This?" he asks. With a horny woman begging to be violated and a chance to trick her, is this the best course of action?

He enchants himself with the ultimate regen. Then he enchants himself. His cock rapidly hardening and his desire for her mounting he'll fizzout before he can stop, he aims at the target. He wields the vibrating dildo. Her lips curl like a faltering smile when she senses a money shot. She opens wide. He precums, and at the sight of her inviting target, he cums hard. She swallows, then sticks out her tongue mindlessly licking away at her lips, her tongue makes like a wave. "Wooo-hoo..." Did she cum? She says, "I know that taste of power. Don't waste a drop. Go ahead and shove it in like you want. I'll give any part of me to feel that inside." She's eager to be used like this for the power of his cum.

He remembers, when she drained him earlier, she was overflowing with joy at the chance to drain him of everything.

She opens her mouth sticking her tongue out. She got a taste of power and still wanted more. Right now, he's excited, his nuts feel like they're swelling up for another release. Precum beads at the tip. He's putting it in. She urges him harder with her grunt and voice.

It's in. Her lips form around with tremendous skill, her lips puff out looking soft. She sucks like she wants to make him cry. His penis comes alive, the tip blows up under her lips and every time it resurfaces it looks like she's blowing a fat purple raspberry out. "Mmhmm mh yum yum." Sluuurp. "It's you. How many decades now?" she asks. Fuck it, #? she thinks. Whatever this is doing is taking over. "Remove the blindfold. I've got you. Mhmhm, now we play my game. Both of you have to fuck me at the same time." They take off her blindfold. Her lips haven't left the purple head of his cock. She's left staring up at the wrong person. She looks cute how well she blows. Even cuter she can't accept she made a mistake. "I can take you both. You want to try?" She resumes sucking to get him as good as she can give before it's too late.

He puts the vibrating dildo on the side of her face. It effects her.

The angels have closed in, and began talking while she was still at it, "Doesn't she look happy? She's found such an amazing thing to suck on. I'm jealous." While getting blown by one grade-A lipsmacker. These two hot women. They join in without even asking. He pulls away to deny Pink the satisfaction of devouring it all. The two angels swoop in to steal his cum! They open wide and put their faces together to catch it in their open mouths, they close their lips around it. Red grabs the dildo with her hand making the blue stuff squirt out onto her and Dread. There's so much spilling out trails of cum and purple-cyan end up on all their faces.

The red-winged angel stands above her leader and graciously offers to take the rest away. There's no chance to react before he instinctively shoves his cumming dick in. His nuts are in Dread's face, balls deep in angel pussy. The chosen presses the dildo against the angel's right breast first without thinking, then he keeps it there thoughtfully. She reaches and holds it, but can't fight it off. Dread feels the scrotum on her face, his testicles repeatedly move during his climax. She wraps her lips around one and licks at his scrotum. From this angle, the chosen can see a thin waist with wings above and two large fleshy mounds. He looks down staring at her ass. He puts his left hand on her breast now and mutters a silent thanks before placing the dildo on her anus. She jerks her back tightening around him. Is it a weakpoint?

The dancing stud goes to work. He helps the white angel against the wall, arms held forward. The wall grabs her and she's leaning with her face against it like she's fallen in. The red angel's slowly slipping in too. The dancer's cock penetrates and makes the angel gaggle like a chick. He puts his hand on her elaborate hair to force her head to the side and he licks her face.

"What else can this wall do?" the new chosen asks.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 16: Against the Wall[/size][/u]

The following events take place from the vantage of Yakre's thrall, the clever woman.

She takes the redheaded priestess by the hand, and tells her, "You are my daughter. And you are the daughter of Zeth. And no one else. I have to end this." She pushes her fingers in the redhead's raw pink exposed butthole.

"Why?" Her butt spreads wider as she protests. "No?!" She's in a bunnygirl goddess's ass and she'll cum if she's stimulated there. It felt good and ended the stalemate.

Her mother knows better."A dickdemon is loose," she explains. "This was to save you both from such an embarrassing fate. Come with me." Approaching the wall, she stops short. Her daughter goes past her.

The prior events unfold.

After the angels were restrained by the wall, the comfort maiden breathed a sigh. She approaches them. She can turn the tide, "We can steal her now. She'd sacrifice humanity for her master, but she can be swayed. She's absolutely honest to her body, in conflict with her mind and her vow to her diety."

The goddess is speaking to the chosen. She says, "Did you feel that? You got her to cum. Put it back in, grab her roughly.

"Women are made to please. Remind her she's a woman. You'll have more of her than she can give. Then she'll be with us.

"Fuck me the same way, as much as you want. My girls will be with us, too."

He sees Dread's feminine body in so many ways now, he knows more about how to pleasure her than he considered before. He looks for the bunnygirl. She's silent. There, she's far off on the distant battlefield, too far. He knows what telepathy is, she must have used telepathy. He wonders if that is something he should have known about her already.

The chosen looks at the sexual body of Dread, the arousal in Dread, and the desire of Dread. Her mouth is ready, spit and cum slides down her chin. She's salivating. She sticks her tongue out to lure him in. "Let's do it together," he says, with implications.

She has his dripping cock on one side of her mouth, the dancer's on the other corner. He tells her, "Like you said, you'd do us at the same time." They take turns sticking it in. "Oh this is it I'm cumming." On her face.

The dancer's dick goes in and he adds a little oil making her spit it out. She sticks out her tongue and he cums on her face too.

They easily fit both heads in her mouth. The dancer plays with his side of her face. All the next chosen has is a dildo that tickles her face. She can't get suction and she sticks her tongue out to rub them with it at the same time.

The new chosen turns to the old, he tells him, "Take over." He walks around.

The priestess comes closer. Her strength and virility have returned. She asks, "Are these two bimbos yours?" The angels.

"No," he says.

Ridged erection in there, now, she fucks the red angel aggressively grabbing handfuls of her tits. She fingerbangs the angel with a dark aura and feels with satisfaction as her cunt tries to milk the finger. That's all she deserves, to worship a finger.

The dancer takes the white angel again. He slaps her tits, her hips, her ass, and he fucks hard and fast the way they both like it.

Dread starts moaning, "Uhhnnn. He hasn't seen what this ass can do. Get ready bayybee." Her new boytoy is making a stand, but she thinks she's at advantage.

The boytoy on the other side is trying his newly enchanted dick out. She pulls him in once he's there, he can feel it, her pussy twitches and becomes so slippery there's almost no friction. A jet of his thick cum on her insides helps. Her glutes flex to try fighting back an onslaught before it arrives. He takes note, "Your ass is so well-toned." He hits it as hard as he can. He thinks he hurt his hand.

There's a satisfying smack and her insides respond by quivering. Her insides move on their own now. Ugh he can feel it coming, a more powerful orgasm. He rebuffs. No holding back. His precum overflows her. Again, she has an orgasm in response to his, her lower back vibrates like a mechanical device. "Was that supposed to... Oh," he cums again. She cums again. "Your daughter wasn't so eager." Then again. He slaps her ass repeatedly and pulls out coating her ass with a layer. He spanks her pussy until she forces his cum out. The stuff he's filling her with is so thick it pushes out in clumps and bubbles. He can feel the power from the magic altering him. Glands develop all along the edges of his shaft. His cock glistens as it prelubes for another slip 'n slide, a bead forms at the tip. He's going back in and using her like this to his heart's content. He looks to the woman there to his side, she's staring blankly with such an erotic face. "Do you want some of this?"

The fire-eyed girl felt a sadistic slice of heaven. She kneels while bearing down on a red ring around her finger. She looks in red eyes with Venus Mons above her. "Thank you. Because of you, I was born knowing my own mother completely. Now suck me off like you did to him." She puts her clit to the woman's mouth and her cock appears inside with the length going down her throat. She noted they're both getting what they want.

Dread gladly sucks off any part of Zeth. With her tongue, her lips around the base, she feels the whole of it. When she sticks her tongue out, she almost licks the girl's pussy. She's dreamed of this.

Dread's pussy goes off with a bang as the guy fucking her finishes another load. The splash they make is nerve-wracking, stuff flowing over his shaft and through her. Her cunt writhes around the fucker's massive dick. She swallows deep repeatedly milking Zeth, the priestess's thing. Please, use my mouth like He would, she's thinking.

"Do more," the priestess encourages. Full lip-service approval. Then she sighs a long good while. She reads her receptacle like an open book, She's done this to someone else recently. She's thinking about 'how much the chosen put into her when she drained him.'

"How does it taste?"

Pausing to watch her swallow, she doesn't hide her look of disgust watching Dread.

"I knew it. By the way, I don't call my dick 'Zeth.'" She makes it disappear and lets Dread eat her pussy. Until.

She sees something. She has a terribly wicked idea. She walks away not even bothering to look at that vile witch.

This is it! She has the red wand. She looks around to check if anyone's watching. It was lying on the blanket this whole time. Zeth's gift to that witch. Now she's holding it. She makes haste, eager to try her new toy.

Where's the dancer?

In about ten seconds she comes around to the back side. She tells the group, "This is it. Boys, watch as I bust her wide open. I have permission from her to do this. So stand back and enjoy the blowout."

The guy has his dick rubbed against the fine mistress's face. She looks away for a moment feeling it, (Envy? Guilt? She just did...) before saying, "I removed your latent inhibition. Haven't you felt it?

"Wow. Look at this mess. Now, you're throatfucking the woman you missed so badly. Your hand is groping her swollen tits without a care.

"Your intention changed. Oh, maybe not. You've gotten better.

"Be mine... After you see what I can do, can you love anyone else?" She can't bring herself to admit she really has fallen for him. She still let the L-word slip as a challenge. She thinks she better make this look good. Her cock reappears.

He notices. Compared to Dread's ridge of molten lava, the short woman's pink swollen girldick resembles a candy of some hot flavor that's been partially sucked at.

She notices him noticing. She reads him, then, with a slight bounce in her next step, she moves quickly to change his mind.

She attaches the second crimson ridge below perfectly, making a pair. Only her original is less pronounced. Her cocks grind Dread's ass. Both go into the pussy. She stops and admires it. "That's really pretty. I thought I could do her ass on the first try," the young maiden says this like she wasn't performing the coup de grace. She reinserts to double-penetrate her some more before cumming. She pulls out and enjoys the moment before...

"... oh! This is. This..." she looks rattled suddenly, warning them, "This could be trouble."

"What's wrong? Did you tear her?" asks the chosen.

"No that's not it. Oh no. We have an unexpected visitor."

Where's the dancer?

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 18: The Power of Her Inputs[/size][/u]

A portal opens. Many ungainly tendrils lurch out of it.

"I feel it. This is a soft place, with soft creatures. Here I am. This realm is waiting to be fucked," Zeth says.

The spell cast within the city takes effect bringing another ancient close to the corporeal realm. "Here We are." Illmuire says.

She sees it's just the two of them.

"Zeth. Are you joining Us? What a pleasant surprise. Portal for two? Shall we?"

She has a round shape and folds Her own mass of pleats and tendrils like a dress. She begins almost transparent all around but Her center aglow revealing Her sacred place.

She feels His gaze on Her. Her born eternal form is being devoured by His gaze to the micron.

She looks upon Zeth. Still naked. She feels Him around Her as the massive beast with tentacles He is. She feels His attraction to Her.

What does He see in Her? She wonders.

She smooths Her manifolds forming a suitable translucent skin. This veils Her untapped reservoir from the inordinate leers. Her own small feelers emerge, they solidify into soft, pink tips with bluish auras deliberately resembling what She just held from His view.

She's taken a mostly human look. She has two translucent breasts covered in patterns like lace, small trails leading in are suggestive She has a fully formed mammery. A glowing point She exposes within Her represents Her heart.

Her visible features reflect lights coming from within Her like a clear oil. Pulses of aura along Her creation help reveal Her bodyshape almost skin. Her hair forms, every follicle like the stem of a plant, and then falls to gravity.

After She's fully formed Her torso, veins holding the slightest bit of a pink fluid appear at the center of each limb and the digits of Her fingers form.

Her reproductive organs align to His needs as best they can. They're already reaching out to Him from inside Her. The reservoir She has within Her will soon blossom as well. When it does She'll become irresistible.

She's like this because of Him. She sees the hardest man. She sees more than mere eyes. She senses the make of His eternal form, the weight, the raw sexual power, the desire to advance on Her with every fiber of His being. His restraint lacking, She could be in danger. How romantic, She thinks.

She must consider, How long has He planned?

She has to go inside, so deep to find the answer. Somewhere within Him there's a sense of wariness. She feels it. He's surprised. He hadn't planned.

"You weren't expecting this?" She asks. How long has He wanted Her? "It's alright." He may have secrets. What will it take for Him to tip His hand? "Am I beautiful? Do you love me?" He may have tools.

Now Her eyes trace His armor finding where those tools may be. He can overpower Her. It's better if She can be surprised by Him. Her unprepared reservoir pulses visibly and She slips a hand across Her chest. Her body is glistening as Her inner parts take motion. Will He take Her now before She's ready?

"Will you hurt me? Do you want me now?" She pleads in distress.

A soft hem appears at Her legs billowing white and She turns to cover Her crotch as though She's afraid to show Her naked form. Lines form from there up to Her false bellybutton. Decorations appear around Her body. This fabrication of a fragile gown leaves nothing to the imagination. She's not making Herself difficult. He's still restraining Himself. Why doesn't He let it all out?

"Do you have something to give me, Zeth?" She says. If He won't come to Her, then She'll have to. In the mortal realm, He may have a chance.

He sees the light inside Her. He sees the shapes She's made of. There's not much fragility. No weakness to exploit. He's unmoved. He admires Her eternal form with His every eye. Not understanding at all.

This is Her? He wonders.

She takes shape.

He looks upon Illmuire. He holds back His urge to immediately fire. There's always a ploy, a temptation, a trick. No, that was the Devilress. Perhaps it still is.

No, He wasn't expecting this. He was calm until a fraction of a second ago, when the mask of certainty shed.

He feels His core heating up to nearly erupt without willing it. His source of power is forcing against Him, His will to hold still. It's not alright, She's saying that. She's wrong. LIAR! He won't give Her the satisfaction of hearing Him deny Her.

He's like this because of Her presence, the Goddess. To Him, She's absolutely the most precious thing He must destroy Her body carefully in order to take Her over. A natural enemy.

Yes. She's beautiful. Love? The emotion He feels is not love. Hatred. Lust. Displeasure. The thrill of a good hunt is being vanquished. His game has come and presented Herself without even one move. He needs Her to run. He needs the fear, the smell, the carnage.

Useless things twinkle about Her. He is the Phallus. She is destined to be penetrated by the gentlest touch and He is engorged. She's naked and helpless no matter what She wears.

He'll hurt Her. Oh yes. He knows that much.

If He comes to Her, that will be Her opening to attack. He's next to the portal. Yet, why would He run?

Seeing Her take on a humanoid form He sees Her fragile body fully visible. Her weakpoints. The places to strike. She's already ovulating. What He wants is being given. This was meant to be.

Give nothing. Offer Her nothing. What He'd take? All of Her.

His senses tell Him She wants to have Her form violated. Give nothing.

His rational mind says Her form is made to be broken. She is an ephemeral toy. She's conjured a toy like a human's body surrounding Her reservoir. Take it, take it everything.

His lust demands He must penetrate the source of Her power. That's what He wants. What does He give before taking everything?

He beckons to Her. He'll rip off whatever She's put on and take everything now. All He needs is Her source, He'll take that and remove Her reservoir. "Come to me," He beckons. "You'll be one with me. Give me all of it. You will receive..."

She sees He's flippant and puts Her hands to Her hips. She comes. A demur gaze not challenging Him. A regal tilt of Her head. Her chest is up and out. Her hips move as She puts one foot in front of the other. A show for Him. Her tits are halfway from Her neck to Her naval. They bounce from a mere jostle so Her upper body appears to reform like a twisting cobra. She offers Him tasteful seduction in Her walk. She looks away allowing Him to see Her profile. Her pheromones targeting His receptors seeth from Her body.

"Truly pointless," He tells Her. "The image One so craftily formed is destined to be destroyed. Now You've given up without hesitation." He's watching for Her to deny, to give away the game. 

His limbs intertwine with Her entirety. Her soft body yields, tearing if He willed it even the slightest.

She opens Her mouth and tilts Her head up with Her eyes open.

Her dress tears without the barest resistance and dissipates on contact. It breaks into petal shapes that glow and melt away as He scours Her body.

All that remains of Her dress hangs in tatters and thin membranes but the ring that manages to remain by Her crotch like a window to her privates.

She stands against His body. In this image, picture Him with a body like a Greek god. He's saved Her from being ravaged, a torn dress, Her hand on a rippling bicep. Every single part of Him is ready to release. She's giving Herself as a gift. She holds Her hands up as though She'll kiss the phallic tentacles poised to strike at Her.

He could crush Her to the core.

Her reservoir glows releasing more substance to Her surface, almost skin now, it moves up past Her mouth and She parts Her lips letting out a glowing mist. She sees His erections and His arsenal, She sees it all and She glows. She says, "Go ahead. Put it in. We'll do it again for keeps after. Huhu." She looks embarrassed by tucking Her face away, and then She says, "You can put them all in Zeth."

She's held tightly cradled in His limbs. In this image, being honest, He's an armored monstrocity at His core. She's a glowing goddess surrounded by a creature of dankness. She hid Her face from the thorny vines that have forced through Her dress ravaging Her. They unveiled Her inner light which illuminates the penetrative gaze of Her captor. She's destined to be defiled and devoured.

He lifts Her up, Her dress falls apart under its own weight, it unweaves into strands until the white ring riding Her hips is all that remains, like a narrow hula hoop.

She floats, She's so light.

He grabs the ring at her hips. It withstands the force, He pulls Her to Him. His cock easily goes in through the ring at her crotch. She holds Her legs wide, spreading them out. Her reservoir pulses rapidly. Already, She's already reached a state of arousal, She'll give into everything.

He puts His hands at the thick of Her legs and pumps two phallic objects positioned well enough to be cocks into Her. Her energetic fluids escape onto Him sending the pleasure into His own carefully hidden places.

He grips harder which puts His tentacles into Her sensationably permeable body. They reach more of Her inside. He must touch every part of Her and penetrate Her to the core.

The ring around Her waist snaps. Her body collapses.

He continues repeated strikes shooting out precum filling parts of Her. He sees hair and puts His fingers through it. She gasps at His fingers, as He ruins Her hair. More grows in to recover the elegance on display. He grabs Her shoulders with feelers breaking Her arms. Her tits touch His hands and He presses into them. They could pop like balloons. Those have some resilience, like soft putty. She's beating against His penetrations from the inside with Her own orgasmic outward forces. She pants as though She must breathe, and His thrust stilts her control over that. Her body's moving as She shakes digging Him into Her more. He puts His hand over Her face and continues pouring Himself through Her.

This is it, He pulls back, He turns Her over, and He shoves Himself back in pounding Her rings of white while Her breasts jiggle. Her hips are barely firm enough for Him to hold onto before they contort like gelatinous fat devoid of their cells tissue and spread through His anchoring grip. He exposes His barbs, like claws at his fingertips, and shoves them into Her chest piercing through Her brazier to Her heart. He pulls away tearing the faux material that bore Her symbol, splitting the cover twain, exposing Her protruding nub which quickly extrudes to an erect round semi-teardrop shape like an ornament. There are spots and flecks at the surface simulating areolae that also protrude like buds and little pink tips on them engorge becoming the consistency of a peeled grapefruit. Where He stabbed Her, gaping puncture holes mar the perfection of Her breasts. His energy spreads like blood into Her and trickles out of Her wound. Her chest is heaving like He injured Her. He believes She is in pain.

She says, "You have such wonderful things. Isn't it wonderful? Zeth's cruelty has made Us into such a sight."

She's His now. Zeth affirms, "I ruined you. I have impregnated you. But I'm not done. Prepare to experience the eternal joy of being mine."

Illmuire's ephemeral form reforms easily, as easily as His absolute form would, and the bra breaks away revealing both orbs unmarred. Their nubs are erect like drops of glass with a collidascopic inside. Her skin appears to radiate from those teardrops into succulent bumpy textures returning to her bare smooth torso.

"Dear Zeth, We want nothing more than to have your children. We are joyous to bear children. Only, it is Us who will rule. You are Ours for eternity."

He puts His hand on Her tit and feels it, like dough, only the tip resists and He snatches it. He runs His finger over and the areolae become visible and erect slowly returning to dull like dying embers. He bites down into the beautiful orb. He shoves His tongue in depressing Her nipple, and it pops back up onto His tongue. So, She can fight. Sucking on it draws Her nipple and breast in all the way with ease. He considers how chewy Her tits are compared to the rest of Her. He swallows and then lets go of Her.

What did He do? he didn't mean to.

Unharmed. "That was a romantic gesture," She assures Him. "But please, don't hold back. You have teeth. And I like being bitten. You have the power to tear Us asunder. Show Us."

She gets on a bed She materializes, only after She reclined on it midair.

She continues, "Come. This will be the final battle before parting. You have to ravage Us like that again. Once isn't enough. It will never be enough. Use everything. I beg you. Don't hold back one bit."

To Him now, She looks like a woman innocently getting into bed. The breast He just felt in His mouth was still wet with His saliva. He approaches above Her held up by coiling sinews shaped like ropes. He tries the bed. It's able to support His weight. She can make a fine bed.

Her body supports His weight, but when He grabs Her arm She winces and it glows. When He holds His hand to Her face She's powerless. Her face lights up. He goes into Her missionary and watches Her reservoir take Him in. A wave of light begins there and spreads through Her. He turns Her over. With Her face shoved into a pillow, the pounding He delivers increases the energy that flows out of Her. A repeating wave of light from where He slaps into Her.

It's clear, no matter what He does, She'll like it and mock Him if it's not a devastating blow in the end. He smacks Her right hip and Her whole body moves. It resembles a wave of flesh and light. She shakes like it gave Her an orgasm.

There's a raised depression in Her skin of red where He struck so lightly. It's like Her skin now simulated the pain. Her sensations, Her weaknesses, Her frugal resistances, all the symbols of a frail human failure of a design.

Her ass is soft, it conforms to His fingers and hands and spills between His fingers. Her whole body is like this. She sounds hurt and His hand leaves a well-defined red burn-mark where He gripped it.

He doesn't stop to concern Himself until He cums in Her again, and He lets out a very generous amount to ensure She's really pregnant. Excess spills out on the bed. He can't think of anything else He needs. He'll keep using Her like this. They never have to leave here. Never stop breeding.

Her folds mold to the shape of Him easily. Her reservoir is slowly corrupt with His energy. Her aura is changing to become one with His. Blue and Red but not quite willing to combine. Her body glows from Her inner light circulating the energies like a lava lamp. It's beautiful.

She feels Him give Himself to Her. Her body forms goosebumps He could feel.

The bed is Queen sized, big enough three Her size could have slept together. It's made of sheets and wood with silky pillows and a headboard on one end. It has a gentle curve at the edges to increase the appearance of softness. There's a flowing silk separate from the covers that reaches the floor. There's a gentle light affixed in the aether above.

His unstoppable weight comes crashing down blotting the light out. The bed is broken immediately like shredded paper and the impact causes the silk to unravel dramatically into tufts of puffed lint.

Aether runs through Her as He uses a hidden move, sending a special part of Himself out shattering Her insides. Does it hurt? She sees what He's done. She cums. He explodes with a force inside Her weak faux of a body like a cluster of bunker-busting warheads stifling Her when He releases it all. Her reservoir overflows with intermingling energies. Her manifolds hold out for just a moment, blowing out like a volcanic lava bed, and His cum erupts from Her orifices as Her corporeal flesh can no longer deny its intrusion.

She expresses joy in every way She can while He's grinding Her head into a pillow. Lights and scents and sounds with Her body and mouth. Her anus glows as She squeezes it tight as She can, failing to contain what He put in. Her face was in the pillow. Now His hand's squeezing Her face. He lifts Her legs with His tentacles until Her knees are against Her chest. He lifts Her body. She has glowing heart-shaped irises. Her lips pucker, shut tight by His hand, a stream of Her saliva She made to accept an insertion squirts out Her mouth. He's holding Her against Him tightly. Her legs lift up and more comes out of Her entrance where He's penetrated. He's spent His stockpile. His phalli and hands have a death grip on Her, crushing Her body to Him. She can't do anymore but release everything of Her own onto Him.

She speaks directly to Him, "You're hitting the spot. That right there. Remember that feeling. Once We've trained You, You'll be ready to come face Us for real."

He's done. Her ravaged body has accepted everything He had, and He gave Her 'this'. He retracts His phantom dick of aether that could penetrate His own. It tore through Her, ejaculating with a purpose of absolute destruction. He couldn't finish Her any more thoroughly. He's satisfied. He won. He slips out of Her slowly and sees Her ichor flow free. Her body dissolves back into a soft membrane and floats off the bed.

There's that light again, only it's been colored by Him. This He understood.

Her ephemeral body reforms to pass for a mortal's very closely. She's naked skin and bone. She walks out of the portal still mired in Him.

Only a mortal now... is she? Zeth reassures her, He has intentions, "I'll come for you when I'm ready."

"Huhu. We'll be back for more before then," she lied. He held back.

He'll be part of Her one day. Her mortal body quivers at the thrill of the dance. She thinks, I'm taking a step back now. He'll step forward this time.

She'll do so much in the mortal realm to displease Him. He'll let Himself go completely out of control next time.

He'll come to Her. He'll want Her bad enough He'll make a mistake.

He'll remember how to please Her. He only knows how to put things in.

She's goes through. She arrives looking like a mirage and takes in the scenery.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 19: Ninja[/size][/u]

The girl who forgot everything. The oral savant. She's a Ninja in spandex. She takes the dickdemon on.

He's not scary, he's cute, she muses, while being held against his body. Her arms held in his. His cocks are close enough to her face she sees the entrance to each urethra, dozens ready to mess her face up. Then again, maybe he's kinda scary, in a good way.

He's able to hold her legs with his prehensile tentacles feeling for her uterus. He wraps his arms around her and gives her a kiss full of ever-flowing tongues. He rips open the back of her pants using his equipment. He finds his way in both her holes with ease.

He's going to do it. She can't get enough of it. Things feel her chest. His tongues are tangling with hers and feeling down her throat. He gives her a real good filling all over. He pulls out of her mouth to let her breathe. She says, "I think we're going to be together for a while now." She casts a spell on him stealing his allegiance. "I know how loyal you can be. I like that."

There's a lull in combat during a fight between Pink and the new boy.

"Come with me. We'll do the woman who summoned you. It'll be funny."

The priestess interrupts their gait, "I'm going to have to stop you right there."

An angel wearing red takes on the dickdemon. Nin crisply talks a little smack, "How's that? You're riding my dicks now. How do you like that?" With startling accuracy, she screws his every cock and mounts his face. "That pussy has skill like nobody's business. Holy shiet." The ninja can't believe what she's seeing. The angel turns around and stares down the white angel who smiles back at her. The demon tries to take advantage of her ass like this. Her back curves with her wings spread out she takes anal while the demon kisses her. "I'm impressed. Bitch I know when to back down. Look your pink girl there's getting pussy whipped."

The angels retreat. The battle orgies on. The ninja returns to her mate. She says, "We'll get them next time. Let me get to know you," with a bit of a consolatory sexual undertone. She meant to 'get to know' how horny he will get if she edges him until she can make use of him again, maybe they can still beat those winged coochies.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 20: Prelude of Dankness[/size][/u]

When the goddess arrived she wasn't sure about this crowd. Her eyes picked out the angels. She sends her words to all involved, "Usurpers. Hmf. Well dressed." She saw Dread naked on the wall. "Hopeless." She sensed more behind the wall. "Come on out." She says to them all without considering they were a little preoccupied. She knows they'd prefer to see her.

There's a girl dressed in such a fanciful way on her side, she stands out from the rest who are bound to her in spirit. An image is offered. "Ah. Come to me, my young princess." Then she dons the clothing her champion had sent to her as an offering.

"That's really pretty..." says the fiery priestess.

Her upper cock pops out much sooner than the other while Dread cums. She's still twisting and pumping fluids. An unknown force has possessed her. The priestess considers trying again.

"...oh! This is. This..."

Someone asks a question, then she gets it.

"...We have an unexpected visitor."

"Come on out," they all hear.

"Who is that?" asks the chosen. He removes his penis from the delighted captive he saved.

They walk around the wall to see who their visitor is.

There's someone new there. She's full of turbulent energies. Red and blue mix like water and oil like something's trying to grow inside her. Her outfit is white. Absolutely nothing is left to the imagination. She has a robe that stops below her chest like a mini top. She has a reverse bunnysuit and her stickies aren't normal. Her body is a canvas of a manic decorator's erotic lingerie. Her nipple pasties can be seen straight through a form-fitted shirt with breast slots. Her tits are pulling the fabric to its limit out to her sides. She has a belt cinching her waist. She has a blue-red halo that's contorting. There's something in the air like a hazy mist of sparkling dust. She has a naughty look, a half-smile. She sticks out her tongue when everyone can see. She has a sparkling tongue stud. A glowing womb tattoo appears.

They came out. She's still making changes as her reservoir excitedly alters her body to match the expectations of all the men around her. Her insides shift to even take on a dickdemon in her human form with ease. The dancer has a god living in his pants. Her uterus forms extra layers and extends hidden caverns through her. Her body becomes a maze of pleasure to be navigated. The chosen, he's slept with all the women here. There are also a couple of His thralls which only required her to reinforce her genitalia to withstand.

Soon, the bunnygirl is beside her. They could be sisters, except one of them got a makeover to look like a rebellious bitch queen begging for someone to stare at her bare skin and the other's into cosplaying as a cute bartender.

"Who is she?" asks the chosen one.

"She is us," says the bunnygirl goddess. "Or to be more accurate. I am hers."

He put it together. Outrageous. They summoned the ancient goddess Illmuire and haven't actually stopped anything. The plan was flawed from the beginning. The human race will be enslaved. "You said we'd have sex once I turned Dread to our side." His thing got wrung out by her hot wringer and he'd do it again. "Now what will happen? Has humanity fallen to... to. Uhh. Become slaves or something?" he asks. The notion of women like them screwing humanity for eternity doesn't sound so bad. He's not the man he used to be. "Aren't we going to have sex? Can we see your bare tits?"

Two goddesses. Their maximal curves could tip scales. Unlike the angels, their breasts appear to follow the natural order and hang low. However, they still point up.

"Ok," says Illmuire. The energies subside and her skin color is visible. "Do it." They both reveal their nipples, the bra pattern both of them carry around even slips down.

There's more. They turn profile to view, aim at eachother and begin docking, the nipples press in together.

Dread has a boner that's about ready to go off at the sight. So does the priestess. In fact, if anyone can get aroused, they feel it. Illmuire's nipples swell up from being touched lightly by the other woman. She speaks to the gawkers, primarily the chosen, "Of course, she'll have sex with you. Isn't that right? We'd never go back on our word. I think we'll use that nasty wall. It's absolutely coated with jizz. You'll have to show me what happened." It's happening. The goddess is a pervert just like anyone else.

The chosen's watching them undock. The Goddess turns to him. She tilts her head up and stares down her nose before moving. She lifts her chest up and sticks it out. Did she forget to cover them up before doing that? Nevermind. Who cares?

She gets close up. "Holy shit," he spoke literally, he got a look at her ass from the side and it's at least on par with the bunnygirl. She has big firm cheeks and somehow they're spread enough he can see there's a gap between them. He wants both. He wants all the girls here.

"Are you coming or are you going to stay there and stare at my ass?" she asks. "I see another man here, mmmm, big fucking cock. Ohohoho you have the power of a god dwelling there. Impressive. How about we toss around once before things get intense?"

The chosen's telling himself, There's no way we're putting one over on this woman. She just propositioned the most powerful dick to one on one and called him out for being 'god' in the pants.

Everyone cooperates, the wall releases its prisoners, and the bunnygirl helps herself inside.

The chosen takes control, "The first thing was a blowjob. Guess whose cock is whose." The ancient claps.

"Wonderful. Show me," she tells them. She glows a little just now around her hemline like a second belt was there around her belly.

The chosen says, "Yes, but... How can we play that game again? She's only given me head once."

He may have forgotten she's given many people here oral already.

Illmuire stands back and everyone with a cock steps forward. "We have volunteers," she announces.

"You two," she offers, extending her hand, she takes the angels, "usurpers."

She extends her arm and trails of light touch them. Their wings begin to glow. She has more news, and starts with a hearty laugh, "Ha! Where are they? Bring them here... I see. So he does have power." The angels take flight. "Wonderful. They're under my command now. They will be happy to share with us. Please, have sex with us while you wait." She offers her princess to the whole group just like that.

The notion of getting on her bad side was unfathomed, she didn't have a single bad angle. They had to.

They [got] to do it. A blindfold materializes on the bunnygirl's eyes. The first guy is the chosen. His cock tingled extraordinarily and she licked, you know he came in her mouth just from touching head to her tongue. "Chosen," says the bunnygirl.

Dread came up next, and her dick burned with a resilient force, when she came the cum fired a clear beam of white and splatter hit the top of the wall. Audibly discharged and the spray rained down like raindrops. "Hah! That's Dread."

Dread, panting, "Let's see if you can do any better," to the next.

The priestess got her cock down to the base and grinned. Then she felt stunned to silence. The goddess worked her tongue around to finish her and swallowed. "Mmmh. I tasted your pussy. Maiden." Then the dancer came up.

Illmuire interrupts, "Wasn't there more? This is too easy isn't it?"

The bunnygirl says, "Yeah. It was after this. When she lost, I promised he could do things to me. He can start right now. I believe I won."

The blindfold comes off.

Illmuire touches the dancer gently, she seduces in many ways. In so few words, "Let's give them something to remember." And her hips swivel left and right, a bellydance. She's making him remember. Her body looks younger than possible, she looks like his first girlfriend learning and practicing. "Can't you remember?"

The dancer goes to the wall and grabs the bunnygirl's breast and almost cums before he says what he wanted to. He releases his full mast in her face. His cock is dancing like a snake. "You have to suck this too," he demands. Hang in there, she's opening up! He pushes forward and past her chin between her tits. She wiggles, her arms are stuck in. "Let my arms free and I'll help you with that." He shakes his head. He takes both tits in his hands and crushes his cock, the feelers easily molest and violate her mammaries. Her face shows the pain. He cums. He thinks he's got her now. "Suck on it. Your master wanted this. Blame her." He puts it in her mouth and starts toying with her face. She makes a very interested expression then scrunches her eyebrows up and deepthroats down to his balls. He cums. When he takes it out she makes sure to lick every last inch.

The chosen, seeing that, wants to up his game again. He says, "I can't figure out how to get this thing to work." He's holding out an enchanted blue wand.

Illmuire walks around the back and indicates that the young chosen better come too.

She gets a look at the wand. "That thing. That has the best enchantment. I see. You need help. Here." She stands very close and takes the blue wand. She puts it on him. Now he has two dicks. It looks permanent. Others start coming around back. Illmuire sets an opaque force field in their view and all the way around the backside. Denied.

After watching the princess toy with him, the queen's thoughts are unimaginably, profoundly vulgar. She'll make sure he feels like a prince, a bull, a stud, her king, and a villain. He's hiding something.

"Now that we're alone. I think I'd like you to experience the ultimate pleasure. Join us," she says. The surroundings fade and it's just him, her, and bunnygirl butt. "You like her. You like me. What more could you want? Look here. Grab here." She's indicating her belt. He does and she fidgets. "Go on. Do I have to spell it out for you? Fuck me. Fuck us both. Then if you want you can see everyone else do it to us. Or, you can keep us for yourself." Her skirt tears away below the belt when he pulls at the hem. She adjusts her ears and thick flowing silky pale hair billows out from a trick knot it was holding.It floats like she's underwater. She holds her body against his for a moment. Her tits are tucked together. He's awestruck by the cavern in view.

He becomes sentimental about things he can't understand right now. He's wondering, What's happening? Did I save the world or am I about to forfeit everything to have a threesome with two goddesses?

She stands against the wall with her ass above the other's. Her heart-shaped pastie and visible anus in view. He notices she has white-gloved hands. Her shoes are high-heels without heels. She's standing on her toes making her calves flex. The bottom of her feet are visible through the soles. At some point, the mini-top ripped letting her breasts spill out, right now, as he sees from behind. A blue bra, no, a pattern, she's not wearing a bra. One of her pasties unsticks enough he sees the nipple strained against it trying to peek out and say hello.

He says, "There's no way I'd give up this chance." I don't think human-kind will miss me when this is over. It's as good as saying it out-loud.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 21: Grand Stand[/size][/u]

Bunnygirl-stuck-in-wall. First her nipples get hard. Then she "Fuck fuck Oh OH Yes do it do it put yes yeees! Uhuuh HUUH YES YEAAH! AAAAA HO. AHAHAHA, ahahah. AAEII. NO! NOOOO. AWgwaah." Her face turns red. And she's silent. She starts crying, "Hooo. HOOh no. Whaat?!"

Everyone saw what happened to the bunnygirl from the other end. The young maiden asks, "What's happening? We can't see. Describe it. Are you crying because he hurt you? Hey, stud. You can open the wall up more right?" She simply climaxed and moaned and didn't say a thing then started crying. They're into that shit.

The dancer's seen women beg like this many times. He asks, "You don't lose control very often, do you? Here. Suck on our dicks again and you'll feel all better."

She tearfully cries out, "Ok!"

Tears flowed out of her eyes as she gave head. The priestess says this as she takes a turn, "She's feeling four enchanted dicks at a time. There's something changing in her. Her master, Zeth. Zeth?" Tears of power brought her partners to orgasm.

The barrier went down minutes after finishing her first outburst. The horny priestess and company were expecting to be allowed in. "What happened?" The chosen has a very stoic expression. He touches the wall and it lets the bunnygirl go.

"We're not done here," says Illmuire. She's fully dressed. Her outfit's changed to a modest bunnysuit and fishnet, with a belt, any signs of a rebellious bitch is gone, except the belt, and her halo. Everyone can remember how she looked a few minutes ago. This is only a little less horny.

Flashes of touching her naked body and sensations of intercourse stain the chosen's mind. He is still thinking about it. It makes the two maidens wet.

"I'm going to be sick," says the comfort maiden. She pants. "Stop."

The priestess says, "Stop that. Listen. Stop. Control yourself." She hits him. "You're thinking such nasty things and you don't think of me like that?!" The two goddesses laugh about it.

Four angels fly over and land. The queen says, "These are for you. A gift from us." The red and white angel from before and two others, red and white wings.

The first one comes forward and bows her head. She's short, dark skin, with white wings. There's something noticeably different about her from the other angels, smaller breasts, fat nipples a puffy areola, but surprisingly small on her ribcage. Her hair's simplistic. There's nothing elaborate about her clothes or makeup.

The chosen comes right over to her and takes her arm. He says, "I was told you were coming. We're doing it now." He brings her to the bed. She folds her wings while they kiss. He cups her asscheek. He licks her nipples eliciting a sigh. Still so sensitive she becomes powerless at a touch.

"Take them off."

She works his pants off, unpracticed. His cock's not completely erect and she touches it all over with her lips and face. Then she rides him, her knees at his sides. She uses a thrusting motion, no instant climax, not even penetrated. She works it in.

She beats her wings fruitlessly trying to speed up. Now that he has two cocks, the magic wand finds its way into her ass, then he takes control. She's cumming already when he pulls her down around both and he lets out a sigh.

While they're doing that, "Next, your turn. Don't ever give up on dick," says the red angel.

The second one with red wings. Thick red eyelashes. Also dark skin.

"Who wants to break in this newly formed hen?" says The Goddess. She indicates the priestess as if answering her question. "It's only fair they both experience two cocks for their first time. OH. Oh my. You absolutely would destroy her. Such menacing things. You can be her second time... No that won't do for her first time. Instead, You." She indicates Dread.

"You have no right to command me," Dread replies. Although she's leering at the angels while talking to their master. "I've had many in my day. Experiencing their first time is special. Why don't you let him do it?" The dancer shakes his head and coughs to the side.

"What's wrong?" she asks.

He does a finger-roll and says, "They're my kids. Or something. I thought you knew."

The angels haven't been communicating with their mistress much. She most certainly did-not-know. Dread walks up and grabs the red angelette.

"Priestess Come," she beckons. "We'll share her. Then she'll have sex with the chosen. We should cum on her face before she has a taste of power."

They start molesting the angel. The Goddess casts something fortifying her. Dread gasps.

"What's wrong?" says Illmuire. "Two on two sounds fair."

The angel overpowers Dread's molestation with an enchantment cast by the ancient! Now when she's touched, she sends a surge of overwhelming emotion back.

The two women with cocks have to lay down. The amateur angel gives them both handjobs because the feel of their cocks is so novel. Her friend has another orgasm and moans loudly. Both goddesses stand behind her. "Go on," they tell her talking together. "Pick one. They're absolutely ready to burst. You want it inside you. Don't you?"

She grins, "They said, my face?" She poises to let it happen. Drool rolls down her chin.

Then the princess suggests, "You can put one in and let the other enjoy your mouth." She nods and gets on Dread. She collapses as her pussy milks the cock inside it. Dread's cum pours out and they both together.

Dread's pleasure, "Hhuuuuhuh," is the angel's complaint.

Her girlcum squirts out and she takes the cock to the base. Her legs shake while lying with her wings and back against the strong woman and she drools. A massive blowout of cum escapes her and her womb expands. She naturally has to scream for a while.

Dread puts her hand over the angel's face and wipes the sweat off for her. "Phew. Angel pussy like this doesn't last long. You're going to be an absolute ballbuster," compliments Dread.

"Huh. There's an opening," Illmuire offers guidance again. The red angel with elaborate lingerie and hair gets on the priestess and rides both red dicks. Her tits bounce high and her ass swallows the knob. The priestess, feeling emasculated, despite being a girl, grabs her tits while the pace speeds up. They both arch their backs while they cum. "You understand them better than you think. If you like I can give you something you envy so badly. Excuse us." She simply nods at the smaller angel with red wings.

Dread helps her off, so she stands up. Stuff drips out her allowing her body to return to normal. The next angel screws the chosen. Then both screw him, one dick for both of them. He's taking it surprisingly easily. They change positions.

He casts a tentacle spell that molests the white-winged angel in front of him while he doggystyles the red-winged angel. After the spooge fest ends, their innocence is evident. Tears are in their eyes, they're exhausted. "Spare us," says the white angel. "We'll serve you. Give us time to rest."

Dread has recovered and comes closer with some info, "They'll grow immediately. If there's anything you'd like to do to them while they're still like so. Do it."

Illmuire nods approval, but they still beg, "No no. Spare us. Please."

The priestess rubs her eyes. Then says, "I want to screw them even more now. Let the feeling of my cocks remain a permanent part of their lives forever."

Dread says, "It would be foolish not to have sex with them for the next twenty-four hours. They'll change drastically in that time." She holds her hands out implying breast growth. "After that, they grow taller in a few hours."

The tame white angel says, "How did it feel having sex with my daughter? Is she attractive?"

The fully developed red angel says, "Chosen. You're so powerful now. Will you take advantage of us?" And she puts her index finger in her mouth. Then she slaps her ass with her other hand. "As you can see. We too bear children. Is that not to your liking?"

Illmuire smiles. They appear in an extravagant suite like a large, well-lit cavern at first. Mirrors and beds. "We know this is better than the place we just were?" she seemed to question. Having changed reality in an instant. Perhaps someone there preferred the dankness. "Here. We'll get you all sorted out." They were completely overwhelmed.

Romantic lighting at the beds lit and the atmosphere changed as the place grew wider, higher, comfier. It all suggest this is a love parlor indoors. If they were going to makeout and fuck on a bed in public this works. The mates pair up, but often two or more women reach out to one man. 

Neither goddess gets in bed with a man. For now, they've given their whole to the chosen. A contract.

The bunnygirl says, "We can't have the entire maid service fuck the chosen one at the same time can we?" Indeed, all of them, goddess and Dread look-alikes, maids, and well-dressed flirts all have their eyes on him after he slept with both of their patrons. For them, there's not a man alive more attractive.

"I have something," the priestess announces, then summons her three demons. "They play rough. Then again, so do I. I'm their new retainer. Only the blue doggy needs to be recharged by either of you."

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 22: Lost Memories of Helplessness[/size][/u]

Laying in bed together the chosen one has pillow talk with the priestess. Staring into her yellow-green eyes. He says, "You're very cute." He gets to business now. "I need to know what it was like when you were taken advantage of in the temple." He gently touches her and waits to hear all the bad things that happened to her.

The fiery priestess responds by shutting her eyes deliberately not to let him look at her. She answers, "That was so embarrassing. I removed it for a reason. You. You don't have to see it." He's too powerful now. He's also so dreamy she wants to please.

You can tell I want it. He could try thinking it. She'll reciprocate, but he's not used to doing that. He tells her, "You're so powerful. You're so pretty. Don't you want me to see the image of your cute helpless self in that time? I want to know all about you."

"I can tell you. I can tell, you'd like that. I can't show you. It's been erased from history and will never be restored. I made sure of it. But, the fragments of it remain with me."

"Alright. If I interrupt and ask for something. Will you do it?"

She's very wary. She thinks she knows what he means. She looks up and sees the halo. She comes back to his eyes. She says, "Ok. But, please, be gentle. I'll start with the bath. I felt my clit and put my finger in. That's how I masturbate. Do you want me to? Ok. I'll show you." She touches herself. "While I do I draw on my desires. My mother, I wanted her back. She ran away while I was molesting rogue angels. A woman who resembles her is summoned to the bathhouse. I. Did 'that.' And..."

The woman is full of lust, she's in a robe, her hair ornaments are in. She's the handmaid of the priestess. The woman resembles her but her breasts are bigger, like her mother's, her eyes are blue, her hair is black, her form is fuller. It's no accident.

She disrobes slowly to tease the redhead. She says, "I can sense a strong urge from master. I'll help you." They touch each other all over. The redhead uses her strength to control the flow of their engagement. The other woman can tell, she's inflamed with a need more powerful than she can stand. She wants to be dominated. She wants to be scared. Traits that gain her favor. The girl fingers her handmaid and sucks one of her tits. She pulls their bodies together to feel the warmth.

The redhead has an elaborate fantasy she wants to finish. She lets down her hair, removes the golden ornaments, and her cock appears. She has a mischievous smile. Then she does what she imagined.

I want this.

She puts her cock in her handmaid and they slowly get more excited as the heat rises. It's like heaven. She runs a finger over the servant's face and the woman bites her lower lip. They grind their hips together. She puts a hand over the handmaid's face and forces her head into the water while holding her own breath. She keeps screwing until there's a hint of needing air. The redhead will outlast her easily. She lets her out of the water and holds her body. The priestess tells her, "I can keep doing that. You don't have to speak. I can keep doing everything you want."

The priestess in bed with the chosen explains, "That's how I masturbate. My servants always come before long, and I use them. Does that make you angry?"

He strokes her long red hair. "Tell me about the four Amazons and the djinn," he says.

Her face is red flustered. "Ok."

"While you do," he puts a hand on her ass, he tells her, "I want to do what they did too." She lets out a piercing cry. Her energy flares out. She shakes her head. Looking into her piercing yellow eyes he says, "Come. Tell me. And I'll make it real again." She keeps shaking her head. "Fine then. Based on what I know the djinn fit his cock through your whole body out your throat while releasing his cum. The Amazons would have drained your cock down to the last bit. And then there is this." He indicates his permanently enchanted second cock. "You may have been toyed with. I can be the djinn, and Dread can be all four Amazons. She can decide how my second dick is used. Did I miss anything?" Due to her own cruel sexual nature, this would be poetic irony. But he wasn't too far from the truth. "No, they didn't. I was strong enough to stop the djinn from penetrating... no no he didn't. Oh, Fuck. You're not going to do that. Oh god. Oh fuck."

He enchants himself so both cocks are blue, simulating the djinn. He holds her close to his chest and screws her sideways in bed. She pants and moans, "Oh no. Don't make me. Don't make me cum this easily!" He wants to. He wants to be. He is acting like a djinn overpowering her. Her memory of it passes to him out of her control.

"Restore her memory. Or you have to have sex with him first," says Captain. The young maiden shakes her head, her locks of red hair flowing about gently. "I can't. I don't know how right now." She's shoved face-first into the djinn. "No. No. No!" Her face is shoved into his crotch. An embarrassing look for her to be sure. He lifts her up by her legs flipping her upside down and puts his cock in her mouth. His things pass through her. Her chest is facing outward for all to see. A spinning turbine twists through her body slowly and eventually it finds its way out of her ass. "This is your new boyfriend so give him lots of pleasure," says Captain.

She sixty-nines her new boyfriend, the chosen. He knows how it really happened and simulates it well. It didn't end there. The djinn dragged his cock out filling her body. He let her go after. She had time to release his cum outside her before he got down on her back and vaginally penetrated her, filling her womb. Then her ass, all the way, he repeats the act of filling every part of her. She's in tears. He cums in her mouth with both enchanted cocks while sucking at her clit.

He actually felt it, when he took her memory and shared it. But, now that he's different. Now that he wants her to experience that embarassment. Even if he has to feel it with her. This is what he'll do.

"Now take it all the way through," he says. He summons a blue specter to slide past his dicks that simulates the djinn. The act continues until he sees it come out of her ass. It feels so good, he pulls it back slowly and pours the energy of the magic wand into her.

"You didn't have to," she complains. He lets her go. The energy is released out of her onto the bed. He gets on her back and double penetrates her now. "You don't have to. You want this? You want it! Fine. Do it. Uhhh." She says that while the blue enchantments overtake her.

She moans as he finishes inside her with both her holes full. His cock filled her stomach. Another specter stretched through, out of her mouth. An agonizing process. Done.

"What happened to you next?" he asks. "You can't hide it." He fingers her clit. More of her memory is taken. "I hate it, but I will enjoy doing that to you, too. Dread. Come here."

They barely touch and Dread's red eyes light up. "What an absolutely lascivious slut Zeth's daughter is. You must give me that gift."

The priestess covers her face, uncovers it, and says, "Granted. But, now everyone..."

Dread gets on her. She asks, "Was it this he wanted to see?" Then she turns around and sucks at the priestess's clit. One of the women deepthroating a demon has a massive orgasm everyone can hear.

"Give me cum," says dread. "I want your cum." The cock appears for her to suck at. "I need more." Someone else has an earth-shattering climax from one of the demons. The chosen puts his hand on her head and forces her face down onto the priestess. She chokes then cums, girlcum is spread out on the other girl's face.

The chosen asks, "Was that everything?"

Dread says, "She had sex with all of them. That reminds me, we have unfinished business. Both of you. Fuck me. Fuck my ass Zeth." She rides the other redhead with one dick while sucking the chosen. Then she's on all fours getting spitroasted by them. "Zeth. Fuck my ass." She lets the priestess penetrate her anally. The chosen shoves his cock down her throat and she has a nut-busting gusher all around the girl's two cocks. When they finish she says, "I only let Zeth fuck my ass."

The chosen asks, "Is this what happened?"

Dread shrugs, "You have the magic cock. The worst thing the Amazons could do was toy her with it."

"Alright. There was a horse." She shakes her head, "We've done this."

He says, "There were two goliaths. What happened when you met your mother?" She shrugs. "Can we let this go? I'm feeling tired." Yawn.

"You're right. I know what happened with the horse. I can wing it without your help." He casts purple buffs and enchantments on himself, he has complete defense that reflects all attacks. His erection throbs and precums.

"Oh shit," she says on the verge of orgasm in one lick.

He licks her ass while he forces his cock in her mouth, she has a pussy melting orgasm as it slides in. He gets around behind her, licks her ass again, and says, "You want to be my mare. Isn't that right? You want to have my fowl." She neighs while he finishes in her with one massive cock.

"Two goliaths." He says. She immediately volunteers information. "The girl with a blank mind helped. The 'ninja,' I buffed her vitality. Besides. They're basically horses with two cocks. You just pretended to be one. That should be enough."

"Horses yes. And they have cock tongues. And they swallow people whole," he corrects.

She laughs, "How are you going to swallow me whole?"

He gets out of the bed, he tells Dread, "Dread, summon a goliath. I'll make one. The ninja needs to come over here."

The priestess innocently curls the blanket around her and whines, "That's not right! They weren't summoned. Stop it! I'm not telling you... I told you exactly what happened."

He says, "We'll have to do whatever we think feels good. We'll be controlling goliaths now. You have to play along, and once we've had enough, we'll be done."

If history is forgotten. It tends to repeat itself.

They spitroast her and swallow her from both ends. 

They share a kiss. From his view he kisses 'Dread' for the first time as another male horse-goliath. Feeling her dance her tongue around his on the insides of another woman they were spitroasting. Getting a sensation of her orgasm and his own, knowing they were sharing that.

They let her out covered in slimy white pudding and some excessive red sparks of energy. The g-string ninja barely helped. She stood around waiting for her turn touching their horsecocks. But they just ended up sticking them in the redhead.

The chosen has another question, "What did you take from me when you lowered my inhibition? It sounds like it's important."

She looks bashful. She tells him, "It's a precious memory. It still exists."

He looks happy to ask-tell, "Share it."

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 23: Love Tunnel Ex[/size][/u]

"Ok," she agrees. "If you want this, you can have it back. You can't tell anyone alright? Promise."

He accepts, "Ok. Show me." He didn't promise a thing.

In the central cathedral.

The four women try to converse under duress. The debilitating curse in the floor makes them very horny.

"If he's unable to stop cumming is it alright if we play with him?"

The redhead with army camo undoes her zipper completely. Her ass already in the open, she slips her pants down to her knees. She bends over and he sees her taint. The bunnygirl easily moves her ripped fabric aside and spreads her ass wide. The Maiden reveals that her sneak suit easily opens up in the back. So does the group's iconic ninja girl.

The maidens tease, "How's this? Do you feel like you need to cum any harder? If you stick it in one of us. Fuck us like it's a breakup. We won't stop you."

The bunnygirl grabs the fiery redheaded woman and feels her down there. The maiden moans. The bunnygirl says, "She's so wet."

Then the ninja warns, "I think we are standing on tainted grounds. My, help. My my oh!" She twitches. She bends over and her pussy pumps its juices out frothing out white cream.

The comfort maiden rushes over. She feels her full body karate. The urge to give comfort must have taken over.

The two girls in gi begin making sweet noises. They're dressed in similar clothes. They quickly disrobe and they're wearing g-string bathing suits.

The man of the group thinks, I can join them. Why not enjoy?

The glowing woman puts her hand in front of him. "I've got this," she tells him. She holds the ninja and a strand of red zips around tying her. She and her mother molest the ninja. "Remember, it's like that time." The ninja nods and she eats out the mother. The maiden removes her camo top. She has a white mini tanktop below it. She takes her dick and puts it in. When she finishes she squeezes the girls hips and grunts pushing it deep into her, fully intent on filling her womb.

The fiery maiden is channeling the chosen. That's what he wants. She blames him. He wants to screw the maiden, 'me,' like that. He's watching her do a girl. He's thinking he'll take her any time now. He wants me so bad I can't stop thinking about him.

The guy turns to face the bunnygirl. She removes her top declaring, "Plan B." The maidens finish and come over. They offer a hypnotic suggestion through his ears. The priestess begins fondling his dripping cock and hands it to the comfort maiden, her face longing but afraid.

Is she afraid of being used? I wouldn't dare, thinks the chosen. I would only hope she wanted it. It's happening. The girls stare at him. They want 'it'. "Right now?" he asks.

The bunnygirl gets in a familiar mating posture, face-down, her ass out she's fully breedable and fondlable. She's leaning into the pigtailed girl in a swimsuit. The tied-up swimsuit body is presented in such a salacious manner. It's like two pumpkins ready to hold his penis.

"Are you telling me to pick one?" he asks. "It gotta be the goddess."

He's up next to her ass staring, it's so enjoyable just to be there with her. With this development, he can't think of anything else. There's also a sensation of his constantly ejaculating dick, the precum trickling out it.

She makes a throaty noise letting him know how receptive she'll be. The noise tickles his ears. He feels a shiver and euphoria. He feels different with a suggestion, more receptive of her offering. A strong wave of throbbing pulses overtake him like there's a burning sensation stretching the length of his urethra and he stops climaxing momentarily. His cock's getting stiffer and lifting up. He sticks his penis inside her, all too eagerly.

His hands are on her butt cheeks, he barely moves inward and fully climaxes.

"She's on the other side," says the young maiden.

Not sure what she meant, he keeps putting it in until he's all the way. Like this! he's moving without thought. He'll tweak her nipples. He can try.

Touching Illmuire's symbol with his finger sends a strong shock of pleasure that expedites his next ejaculation. He grabs her tits. He's squirting his cum constantly. He moans loudly. Yeah, that got him. His next wave of sensation is too intense. He pulls out. He didn't even. He didn't get to play with her ass cheeks enough.

"Oh my god," he says as his cock flexes beading more cum at the tip.

"He couldn't finish the fantasy," says the ancient architect.

"No," says the priestess. "Let's show him another. Let's corrupt him so he'll go through with it."

They put their lips near his ears and whisper in a suggestion. Play rough. Bite.

I can't hurt her she's so beautiful, he resists, failing.

Cast the spell.

There's no telling if she'll be able to take it, he tries to calm himself. Their words feel like his own thoughts.

Make her cry.

"Why don't you do it?" he says out loud. He stares at the yellow-green eyes. She twirls her hair, she fingers her clit between her zipper. Her tanktop doesn't hide her nipples.

"I'll show you why," says the bunnygirl. She takes the maiden to her bosom. Isn't she supposed to be super strong? "Show your dick, girl. Let him see." Her toned body yields to the touch of this beautiful goddess. She puts a finger where the clit should be. Her clit easily receives pleasure at a touch.

"No. No, I won't."

The bunnygirl turns her so the guy can better see. She has a lewd and horny look as she fidgets. The woman with big tits puts the girl's head low in a bow and then her knees buckle. She puts the red hair between her knees holding her like a piledriver.

He can't figure it out. He questions what he's seeing, Is the bunnygirl stronger than her?

Between her legs now, the goddess lowers the camo pants and plays with the maiden's butthole. A red tuft of pussy hair escapes into view as the pants slip down. Bite her pussy. She spreads the lips with her fingers. Cast the spell, echos their enthralling spell.

I will. I'll do it to her. I'll cast. After deciding. The chosen casts. His erection already leaking out cum grows several inches and squirts jets of seminal fluid. He can feel his saliva glands. He gets down and bites into her soft pussy.

"Ah! You're supposed to fuck her!" says the surprised redhead. He licks her ass. "No please stop." Although, she clearly enjoyed it.

The goddess stands up, pleased by this, and forces oral from the victim. Her mother's watching. She's getting spitroasted, and her mother doesn't help. She starts to cry.

He spanks her. "You're the kind of girl who deserves all the punishment she gets. So I will happily do this to you," he says. Her hair ends up in the woman's hands, forcing her head in more. A stream of girlcum squirts out while her first master she's met ejaculates. Her second master's dick is hard and he's going to put it in.

The mother comes over. "I'm horny too," says The Maiden. She gets next to her daughter. She's in her swimsuit. Like the girl on his right, presenting. "Fuck us both."

His cum jets squirt all over the girl's asshole and he strains while putting it in her pussy.

"Cum. Fuck fuck. Cum! We'll cum!" says the goddess.

"Oh my ass. My thing oh," the priestess cries, and she moans, and she wails.

She flexes around his cock as the energy brings her to a climax. Bite, they want him to bite her. He bites her shoulder. He spanks her. Make her cry. She already is. She's being dominated. She's emotional. She's orgasmic.

He takes her camo pants in hand and removes the belt holding it. With both hands on the belt, he uses it to pull her head back. She bites into the belt, growling. "GRrrr." Her red hair spills out of the woman's fingers. He speeds up.

No matter what he will make her acknowledge him. Her body will fill with his own essence and he'll be her worshipped one, her only. Forget. He's about to cum again. He wants to do 'that.' He forces her to stand and does her anal. Forget this. He ties her hands with the belt. Her hands above her at first. She's bent over. Her legs straighten out. He releases her arms so she drops them in front of her. Then he releases his cum inside while he spanks her. She should be spitting cum now, he's sure. He's pumping magic energy in, consistent with the stories he's read, it should work. Her belly swells. FORGET THIS. "OoooooH!" Gulp. She resists letting it out her mouth swallowing. He pulls out and helps himself to her mom.

He gets a flash of fantasy from the maiden. Just like that she's transmitted her own will. She looks upset. He repeats the act of biting and licking at her clit. She can barely take it before she cries in pain. "Does it hurt?" he asks. This is her idea though. He puts himself in.

While they do this her daughter is forced back to orally pleasuring the other woman while she's on the verge of spitting cum. She's pouring out the essence he put in her. His cum is leaking out the priestess. He's watching. He casts a libido enchantment and the mother screams as her weakness is exploited.

He pulls out and puts it in her ass. He reaches around and covers her face with his hand, holding her nose shut for a second then planting his thumb between her cheek and upper teeth. She whines, "Uhuhhuu." Her bathing suit frames her body nicely. He notices her toned backside. She's quite the woman, just like the girl he just fucked. And just like her daughter, he pours out into her. "Guuuh." He removes his hand and cum runs out her mouth like an open faucet. He has a moment of fear, he might have hurt her, then it's gone. His eyes go to the goddess.

He'd gladly eat out that sultry woman and fill her ass with cum once again. He's got a taste for it now. He casts ropes to bind the goddess. She points at him and her eyes glow bright, his cock blows out jizz like tap water. An orgasmic hex!

The ninja tries to interrupt with, "Let's go before we do something we'll regret."

Isn't it too late? He's not sure why he did all that. He helps the mother and she helps the daughter. Their privates start watering before they escape. "Cum. I want cum," says the mother. His penis is hard, it's the only thing he can think of right now.

They reach the exit. The two women who are inflated lie down and the cum rushes out their back ends.

"I make sacrifices too," says the mother.

The chosen is still too horny. He takes the ninja by her pigtails, like handles, and forces oral. She doesn't fight and their eyes meet while he cums in her throat. He sees tears in her eyes. This is a deeply personal moment for her. She runs her tongue along enjoying the thing she loves most. His cum and his cock complete her.

"Take it from him. Take it!" says the redhead.

Damn right she will, he thinks. The bunnygirl comes to join sucking him off. This is what he's been dreaming of, isn't it?

The priestess is not sounding happy. "Take it all away. Make him forget," she says. So, she didn't mean his cum. The priestess comes after her recovery is done and she kneels as though she only wants to service him. "I'll do it," she demands. She gets between the other two and takes charge of him. Her fingertips stroke his shaft.

She stops and says, "I'm giving you something. I'm taking something away." You can't remember. You can't tell anyone. She finishes by swallowing and a roar of moving fluids and wetness tingle his lower half, his leg jerks. This is power.

He never got to feel the ninja cum. His last recovered memory was himself, thinking that.

"Right now. Let's do it right now. Let's have vaginal sex."

He takes the ninja who's been fucking a dickdemon.

She says, "I prefer oral. Is that ok? I'm an oral slut. Is that ok? I love choking on a cock."

He doesn't care. He brings her to the side of the bed and fits both cocks in her. He can't tell anyone. He bites her side and squeezes her tits. "You fuck like a demon," she says. "I like that." He pulls out. Satisfied. 

Both the dickdemon and the blue one that bites approach as though summoned by her. They take her.

The chosen looks around.

Everyone's getting along, giving themselves. She has unimaginable power. She is careful. Is she making this happen?

Illmuire smiles.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C12, Scene 24: Double Cherry Revenge[/size][/u]

There's one last thing. Something deeply personal to the chosen he must know the answer to. He asks the priestess, "Can I have sex with you and your twin?"

She shakes her head. "Shh."

So. There's something about that. "What's wrong? Is it because I..?" She grabs his wrist and pulls him. Taking him to Dread.

"Listen," she tells Dread. "We have to do something for him. We need to do it now. He wants this." She looks around.

"What is it?" asks Dread.

The two goddesses come over. "Trouble in paradise? We can help." Their hair turns red.

More came. They had a purpose. They all stand ready to fulfill the chosen's needs and desires. The priestess puts a hand on his knee. "It's ok. Stop thinking," she says. "Let us do the rest." All the familiar girls come.

The rows of women get down and bow sticking their ass bones up for him to see. Their hair flows in front like a red carpet. The row behind them turn and bow presenting their taints. Their pink flesh tantalizes him. Some are kissing. Next to him on their knees is fire and crimson hair staring up at him. The bunnygirl with red hair joins.

The priestess tells him, "You have two of the baddest bitches at your side. You have nothing to worry about." In an ocean of cherry, and other flavors, they begin orally pleasuring a man without having to ask.

Illmuire says as gently as possible, "We are your harem."

How brave does a man have to be to fuck the Amazon general in front of her army?

The priestess smiles. She says, "That's right. You're a man. You should experience what the men did in that story you read while you tell me all about it."

He remembers the incredible sex he had with both goddesses. The bunnygirl laughs and covers her face blushing red. The priestess complains, "No don't think like that! It's dirty!" Illmuire lets out a giggle.

Her reservoir pulses, then The Goddess says, "You're a man. Take both their virginity while your army watches. After that you can tell me all about this story and I'll make it all better."