Continuing from pink alignment
When a Pink Witch Buffed, Even God Came Early

[u][size=115]In the Study, Nobody Hears You Fapping[/size][/u]

The hero is finishing the first chapter of a strange book. He did not discover a black diary. It was something much more.

He thinks, [i]What the... This isn't a diary. What does this have to do with my family?[/i]

Surprised, aroused, with newly acquired images and a fable of a bangin' crazy Amazonian vixen named 'Dread' in the fap bank, an inspection of his cock reveals to him it is rather stiff as a bone. Even after his romp with a dozen women, he's sure he's ready for more.

Our curious detective exits his aunt's study where he found the dank literature.

He thinks, [i]There must be someone left in the mansion. They wouldn't just do me like that and leave. In the library[/i], "beware of cock-hungry bitches," he finishes, thinking out loud.

Upon exit, there are a few heady women.

He sees their eyes turn to him.

He knew it. Did they hear that?

"Hello. Who's this?" he asks.

They don't look like maids. They're dressed in button-top shirts and skirts. A couple of them are wearing glasses. [i]Librarians.[/i] He considers minding his manners, too.

No answer. He'll introduce himself, "I'm the new housemaster. I just got here. Where has everyone gone?"

They look kind of sexy. Sexy librarians. He can tell they're not wearing underwear.

As he gets closer, they turn their heads to him and rub their protruding nipples in their hands. They glance, down 'there' and lick their lips after seeing something stiff and tasty. 

"Are you here for me?" he asks. He hopes. He flexes his cock and tightens his abs to withstand the tension he felt there. "Each one of you is very... hot."

One of them puts down a purse and pulls out a dildo from it, flipping a switch, the vibrations are audible. A girl spreads her legs while sitting revealing a glistening wet snatch. A couple of them are drinking tea like none of this is unusual, but they are dressed unusually enough to stick out. Their bra straps are visible and their shirts are too small leaving their cleavage strapped and visible.

The mansion appears to be haunted by sexy bookworms. They reveal nasty thoughts as his throbbing erection twinges with eager pleasantries. He has to breathe out audibly as each one makes his body quake in anticipation.

Then again, he's sure he's seen something like this in a movie before.

"Could you let down your hair for me?" he asks.

The one with the button top unbuttons her blouse until her cleavage is in view. Bare tits almost, just a little lower and he's sure he'll see something great.

He ejaculates a little pre-cum.

With some embarrassment, he makes a pretense he has something important to check on. He enters the hidden study and looks down at his sore bulge and talks to himself.

He tells himself, [i]I thought everyone went home. This is too perfect.[/i]

He whips out his dick and wipes it off. It's so sensitive. He pumps his erection a couple of times to make sure it wasn't about to empty into his pants again. He's amazed by what his body can do recently. He opens the lobby door with his cock soaring, ready to fuck. No one is there...

He goes back to the desk where the book remains. He notices a picture of a classy pin-up showing her rear. She's well dressed, not smutty enough. He takes down the frame to stare into her eyes anyways.

He plays a little movie in his head. She's the sexy librarian, and he needs some help finding what he's looking for. Her body is like the Amazon tribe's women. He thinks of the intercourse he had with police and maids. With her.

The next chapter page falls from the backside of the pin-up photo, interrupting his daydream.

He wonders, [i]If one chapter's this good, how bad can the next be?[/i]

He puts it in the dankly bound book where it should be and reads.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=130]Chapter 2, Title: Dance of Destiny[/size][/u]

[u][size=115]C2, Scene 1: Boinking The Bukkake God[/size][/u]

The Dread Witch is a naked muscular powerhouse, very beautiful. She is frightening for a meek individual. Her every movement looks like her muscles slowly relax and a new set of muscles contract effortlessly to take on the tautness of her impossible flesh.

She's heard of a man she must confront. She will feast upon him like any other man.

She enters the lair of a sleeping giant alone. She has such wicked deeds in store. 

The creature that she confronts is a monstrous form. It is gigantic.

[i]This isn't a man[/i], she thinks. [i]What powers lie within something such as this[/i]?

It has horns like a great ox, a hundred eyes, and layers upon layers of ropy muscles twisted about its arms and legs.

It has limbs, arms-and-legs, a head, and the shape of the body-and-shoulders.

It has extraneous limbs resembling tentacles and vines. She's seen them before, around the temple. They permeate the walls into the whole surrounding. Each one is erogenous, only some small imperceptible differences between a cock, a hand, or a finger. It has hundreds of genitalia like these. Most if not all of them have the capacity to function as an erect penis. And they cum massive quantities, every time.

"However, still much like a man," she corrects, observing his enormous pecker. And the human shape of him. And her perilous dew that beckoned him inward.

She thinks, [i]It would be unwise to push someone touted to be an ancient like the one she serves.[/i] She felt him watching her. The feeling grew stronger now that she has arrived. It dawned on her, she was always in his grasp ever since stepping foot in the temple.

This is the dark insidious 'thing' known as the cum god. She has entered his lair willingly. After witnessing his form firsthand, she was just beginning to understand the true majesty and horror of dankness.

He focused his senses watching her ever since she entered, never waning, knowing she would be there with him. His excitement at the sight of her brought him full mast. 

She watches him. He's unmistakably locked his gaze on her, with his pride and vigor he won't break his focus, like a beast in rut, or a horny teenage boy. He advances to the undaunted woman and meets her with a lovely kiss.

He leans down for her kneeling in a smooth motion with more grace than expected. Her face and eyes quirk at the sensation. Things in his mouth move not like tongues, his other appendages reach in under her skin, her tears roll down her face, how quickly he's permeated through her. She couldn't predict him, [i]Was this the end.[/i]

Their mouths part and she sticks out her own tongue to get him out of her throat. His tongue slides out of her open mouth and the tip feels along her tongue.

She felt his cock deepthroat her. Now it plays along her tongue leaving trails of delicacy she'd adore from any other man. She's met many of his strange subordinates with similar features on the trek abroad. She will make herself desirable to him like any mate. She wraps her lips around the tip as it left her for a little suck and it twitches.

"What a lively thing you have there," she says. She's not sure if this was an organ or just something he keeps in his mouth.

[i]He's enjoying this,[/i] she knows. A tremendously fine piece of ass, she may be. She's flirted with dangers before. There's no reason to pass up on this. She has skill. She will use it.

He wraps his arms around her and roars after feeling her firm body on him. Like an ejaculating orifice unto himself, his body releases many fluids lubricating his anatomy. The inner power he contains is difficult to grasp.

Stuff squirts out his pores covering her face. An indirect assault from him is already making her disgustingly beautiful. Her front is coated.

She blushes while wiping it off with her arm. As of this moment, she's standing at the foot while encumbered by the arms of such a beast pouring over her. He came on her without warning.

"What a shameful look I must have," she excuses. She truly can't tell if her remarks are meaningful to him.

She takes initiative and presses her body to his enormous erection. She holds her hands up to his torso to feel it.

His many feelers are coated in centimeters thick oily substances. Her oral, her ass, her cunt. They're powerful, ready for the thirsty god. He is ready to accept all of her holes.

He knows this is an unrivaled mate for him in the present. He relaxes and his body contorts from the many fluids prepared throughout. Although he's mere moments away from filling her, he hasn't shown more than an ounce of capability. His erection resting against the woman's torso is just the start of their courtship.

He gently strokes her in every place with an assortment of his body parts while they copulate. He runs a ragged tongue along her hard nipples, her breasts are soft. He massages her clit gently with small finger-like digits. His hands probe her hard abdomen.

She catches sight of creases where his tongues and orifices must emit more of his humors. His exterior shifts slowly like plates on the tectonic crust of Eart allowing a little at a time to replenish. His eyes never stay forever in one place other than his face while his whole body is in motion.

She's wearing nothing. The armor she now dons is a part of her, like her skin, she feels him through it. Never-ending dirty white coating and grease are rubbed around Dread's body as fluids leak out of the massive god with a hundred dicks and eyes, many-over a time they continue on erupting as they caress her like volcanos and bursting pollen from weeds.

He lifts her. Black fluids which stick like glue come out of his eyes. It covers her. It's like tar binding her where it lands. She's in a bond of sludge.

Her beauty slowly distorts from the buildup of gunk, and she's entrenched within enough that she can't move.

The god molests her using his many tentacles while Dread begs, "More, press harder, give me all you've got."

Her left hand becomes bound to her chest when she touches it. Her left calf sticks together with her upper leg when she lifts it up during intercourse. Her body turns midair at an angle and she remains stuck to him like that, leaving her lopsided. 

The eyes of the god, like a demon, shut and more black liquid seeps out.

Dread is pressed face down against the sticky coating. She's unable to see when it covers her face. His cum makes the rest of her body slippery.

Taking her from behind and pulling some sticky globs out of the way, the giant holds his primary phallus close to the precipice. There was never a doubt he could take her, only when. And thus it was his will he should now.

Dread, barely able to move now, is ready. She has been ready to service him. She'll be like a kinky slave girl if that's what it takes. She knew better than to expect a man capable of what he's already done to let her go easily.

His cock flexes harder and veins protrude, his muscles flex like they're pulsating hearts until he's touching a single auburn buttcheek.

She yelps reflexively.

A cock like this was made to fuck other gods, not mortal women.

He guides the god-fucker carefully to the target and it has unnerving vibes that course through her body. It self-lubricates while pressure-hosing her insides. It's tickling every corner of her insides, tantalizing and teasing itself straight into her anus and up her ass, deeply penetrating her bowels and digging in as deep as possible until it hits resistance.

Her muscles prevent it from going deep enough to distort her body, at least not much. Her armored abs bulge slightly. Dents form. Dread can't help twitching and her back arches, her eyes water, her head, stuck, unmoving. She bears her teeth and she shouts "Aah! More! Harder!" as it thrusts, spreading her open and slowly oozing his thick sap directly into her. Somehow his cum makes everything it touches every moment feel better.

Although the sensation and the rush of depravity as she was violated thrilled her as much as he, there was another feeling that his arcane power offered while he ran it through her. Its subverting nature was not yet understood. In her immature notion of the world, sex was visceral, pain, and pleasure. An act of domination or resourcefulness. He had tapped into more than just her sex, he had touched her in places awakening something inside her.

She tells herself, [i]Even with a dick like this. I can do it. Losing like this... like this! I can't be anything but a winner for feeling this.[/i]

Looking down, she can see. The tentacles that were individually small surrounding him combine below his cock and become an elephant-trunk-sized mass able to curve and aim as it pleases. The end takes on the shape of a spear and it has many points curling like fingers.

"It's going in?" she asks him, not to assume he'd give it away without her. She'd beg for him.

She can see it waving from her limited vision. It's aiming above, towards her front. Her head bobs from the motion as the slimy cum loosens from her stuck face. Her nipple becomes solid like a rock under her stuck hand and she shakes her head convulsively as he proceeds.

He proceeds, and his thing does a little more.

Some contact her clit and stay 'stuck.'

She feels it is pulled into her with everything else forcing in. It breaks through about halfway before the bundled mass splits into many, trying to push in deeper squirming and taking different completely unpredictable actions.

She's impressed, she'll say it to him, "Wa...Wait[i]Wait!NO.[/i] I mean...[i] i-IN?![/i] Iii-in-imhmhmppressive! Hu...uuuh..."

Her eyes open wide and twitch uncontrollably as the cock of many tentacles twists into her wet cunt's membranes. A thick mucosal ejaculate seethed at the sides of his pricks as well as the tubules pumping it through to her. She yells ecstatic platitudes as he manages to catch her off-guard at every twist he makes.

She's blissful and smiling. She raises her voice and opens wider. Bile at her throat and gleek out her mouth. Open-mouth upper-jaw toothful, bottom-lip curled over her bottom teeth, she's drooling, hungry for him. She lecherously bears down to reciprocate, milking him with her insides.

She can barely compare, but she'll try anyway. It's like when her hand wraps around a soft cock with full knowledge she'll pump the cum out. The feeling it harden between her fingers despite a man's pleading words. The image is fleeting.

In this case, she's felt the cum between her fingers, but she was the one being pumped. She feels his hands in hers, he has many. The cum inside them spills out between her fingers, much like those inside her. Her body's hardening to bear his seed. Every part of his body is ejaculating. [i]That part of her[/i] that could have resisted, didn't want to.

It's his uterus now. His uterus is bursting with a force of immense love.

She's swelling from love, from the feeling of [i]agapē[/i].

She's cum-laden and constantly ejaculating all the fluids he's pumped into her.

The odd muscles of the tentacled lord flex and ripple, re-supplying him with vital reagents, nutrients, fluids, and energies. The great single erection stiffens unbelievably and gets shoved in deeper even as she holds it from breaking her. The enormous urethra of the cum god pumps his vital stuff within it into her bowels and reproductive organs.

She's taken him in so much. An audible sound comes from inside her, like an incredibly drawn-out flatulence. The dispensed liquids from both points fill her stomach and womb. His own mysterious anatomy gushes what is unquestionably cum.

The tanned form of Dread with black sticky substance all over bears the seed and energy of this god. She's grunting to hold in the never-ending supply. If she were just a little weaker, it could have wrecked her body or escaped. As it is, she can only fall deeper into dank release until the flow dissipates.

"Ung," Dread mutters. "I'm so full." Then whines, "You took it from Him. Give it back." But she doesn't entertain the notion this man has any reason to.

The split tentacles of his second cock squirm, lively as ever, they turn and escape from her vagina doubling the thickness at the entrance.

To her enjoyment of being defiled, and displeasure of feeling the contents of her undercarriage shifting rapidly, his escaping mass squirmed out at rapid speed. They spread out rubbing against her face and nipples while they finish pushing out the rest of their secretions. Then in a final fit of joy, the god begins fondling her rowdily during horseplay.

He is able to lift her easily. He plays with her body. However gentle, he's still quite strong.

He has power in his touch. The places he touches twitch and draws her attention.

The Dread Spawn is forced into a cowgirl position above the giant bipedal bull as he sits. He tries squeezing his main phallus into her already well-pleased pussy.

The cum pours out her ass and down the god-fucker's shaft. She has a few orgasms from her mate greedily toys at her, attempting to get his tip in the right hole. The dick slips out and her knees buck in a hard thrust at a jolt he felt.

He spurts behind her back, away from her, blowing her hair into the air and in front of her face at the draft. Her pussy is rubbed down his shaft failing penetration she still climaxes.

Dread holds her thighs firmly around his manhood to stroke it. It's too big, and he's not strong enough to force it in unless she helps him. She smiles, he needed her to 'consent,' so to speak. In this one instance, she'll hold out. She'll hold him between her legs and jerk him off, she'll be able to watch how he reacts that way. Her plan was for naught.

He rubs his phallus generously into the crack of her ass where it slipped. His many feelers touch her face, finding his way back to her mouth. He brings her closer to his own face.

They reposition face-to-face to make out again. Cum pours out her mouth and nostrils while his tongues deliver a great throatfucking. He is holding her like a stuffed doll. His magic is able to turn discomfort into immense pleasure, even as she's incapable of holding still from the force. She recognized this fact the moment she climaxed when he felt her orally. And again when he permeated her body once more.

Everywhere she looked, his gaze was intense. Any other dick the kinky god has would be just as willing to enjoy her face. She knew. Can they see into her soul? Don't, or he'll discover her.

After unburdening on her like that, Dread's gaze wanders to avoid eye contact with the many eyes.

To her dismay, he was staring at every part of her body all at once.

He holds her chin with one massive hand and his fingers move up, holding the sides of her face. He fondles her body with his many smaller limbs as if it were the time for foreplay. They seek their way into her more private body parts.

She shudders. She thinks, [i]Was it not enough just to look? He must also penetrate every part of me at the same time?[/i]

Her genitals are thoroughly played with. His energy subsides to a soothing nature. The mere gesture of rubbing her body in his solid hands was an uncanny stimulant.

The god fully retracts all his tentacles and the black fluids are absorbed back into his many eyes.

With the tar gone, foaming reproductive fluids of a virile god are smeared over her like translucent plaster with small chunks falling off to the ground.

Once the volley of miscellaneous insertions ends, the Dread Spawn with her tight never-tiring muscles is able to stop climaxing.

She is held like a teddy bear and cuddled by the sleeping monstrosity of a lover.

She contemplates, [i]He wasn't just a rough fuck, there could be more between them. He will fill her again when he awakens, there is no doubt of that. It's unfortunate I couldn't return his feelings more. I better get going.[/i]

She has something she must do.

After a moment of hesitation. A woman with pink hair, Pink aka Dread, climbs out of a mass of virile tentacles.

They twitch. Still so easily excited. They're ready to fondle her even as their master rests. If she was persuaded to fondle them back, it would be a hearty romp.

[i]They will know their place soon.[/i]

She wipes off what she was bathed in and she gets to work.

She goes about fucking the bukkake god's men and female servants with a ghastly grin on her.

She tells them, "Your service is no longer required. Sleep, perchance to wake," before she comes down on them with the same tenacity as their master, forcing them to orgasmic bliss until they finally pass out.

She redecorates the room he sleeps in, moving a few pillars this way or that. She does up the temple, takes down his old carvings, and breaks his statues. For a god, he didn't have much finery for her to break.

Finally, she gets over him. [i]I didn't love him, it was a fling.[/i] Under her breath, she tells herself not to love the enemy, to do as her master has ordered.

She returns to the bukkake god and she breaks off his horns with her bare hands. She bangs a cock ring onto his ordinance-sized dick.

As she exits, Dread visualizes the happy look on the bukkake god's face as he kissed her deeply, the taste of his cum was possibly good enough. If she were to submit now, she'd be forgiven. She looked away then, not wanting to remember his many eyes or the embrace of his hands.

She feels a tentacle reaching up her leg fondling her thighs and she stamps on it. The goliath of fluids, sex, and fetish roars. Painful to listen to. He remains immobile, no chase.

[i]The jilted god is left there, welling up tearfully, reaching for something to drizzle his sticky goo'al over. Perchance to procreate. Growing ever slightly tired during the centuries to come with an eternal erection. His blackening eyes pour their strange substance. His tentacles slip into the cracks of the temple searching...[/i]

"...For what? Nobody will satisfy him the way I did," the pink witch finishes her pep talk.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C2, Scene 2: Naughty Dancing-Boy[/size][/u]

Reading in an abandoned temple, a boy, clearly a man, was fapping to such literature it'd make arcane priestesses frazzled.

His clothing doesn't cover his chest.

What he has on is quite silky. He wears sandals. He wears jewelry which brings the image to mind he's more feminine, even in his era. He has bracelets, fancy earrings, a necklace, and some garb around his waist. His belly is pierced, he has a strong chest and slightly curvy waist, his arms are flat, non-muscular, his legs are firm non-muscular, and he has a tanned pigmentation as well as naturally-dark skin. His face is flat.

The look on his face tells all, he doesn't give a damn. Like he's a little annoyed. His nostrils flare slightly at what he's taking in. He's been reading near a candle and the soot and wax tickle his nose.

He shuts the tome. It glows in a dark purplish aura while closed. The thing's been wet since he found it, like the slimy asshole of a faun.

"I've been in orgies full of old women and fat men," he says. "It's too bad, journeys such as these don't happen in real life. It's all fairy tales and dreams. A woman like this I'd meet..."

He stands up and walks a little further into the entrance. The door closes.

[i]I'm stuck?[/i]

He pulls up his skirt, fastens the belt at his waist, and moves on.

In his possession, there are few items. He's carrying a blade for cutting tree branches in his belt and the tome is hidden in a satchel pocket. He's got some survival ropes and grains for rations.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C2, Scene 3: Trapping Desire[/size][/u]

Exploring, the dancer sees a bronze statue that resembles a girl pointing and laughing at him. He slaps it a few times on the face and the ass. 

[i]The girl the statue resembled could plead with me all she likes to stop. After mocking me, she's not going to get any more than she deserves.[/i]

He knocks an object that was hanging out of her hand to the floor and a door slams shut.

[i]I need to stop doing that,[/i] he notes. [i]Oho, who's she? The temple's not abandoned, he notes.[/i]

He spots a pretty young lady sleeping nearby.

He examines her, [i]She is wearing a blue slip of an outfit. She's very fine. Her nipples protrude quite eloquently. Her body is like a finely bred, well-groomed noble's wife, never knowing hardship, or else she'll join the ranks of the upper class soon. Why is she here?[/i]

He moves forward. There's tension in the air. Sweat spreads over his forehead. He leans forward almost touching her. He sticks his tongue out intent to wet her nipples through her dress. He desperately wants to take advantage of her. Even in this era, women in his day are usually married long before reaching adulthood. This is serendipity. There's no way he'll see another like her. 

She wakes and addresses him, "mother fucker," and hugs him tight with his face over her breast.

[i]There's oil on her body.[/i]

She asks, "I was lost, can you help me?"

She didn't seem as lost as him. She's already feeling this young man up for goods with her hands. She's no less lustful about her looks about him than his eyes could convey towards her.

She takes him by the hand asking, "do you like this?" She's holding his hand under her skirt. He can feel the fat of her thigh. His arm is practically engulfed by her very curvaceous ass. She's pulling him to her. Her squishy parts are pressed against his face and his hands, it's like she had expected this. "Mnnhhh... feel that?"

Not really caring, he gets a good taste of her cleavage and believes she's already been with child.

[i]For there's no way![/i] he thinks.

To him, her first comment was a little more passing. He would fuck her, were she a mother, a virgin, or a harlot. The idea to get a meal from her breast comes to mind as well.

His cock soars.

She pushes him back, stands, then swerves her hips walking over to a candle-lit wall.

He thinks, [i]with that kind of walk, maybe she's a high-class woman after all?[/i]

Bending forward, her pussy is visible through her dress she spreads her juicy ass, flexing the glutes. Her clothes jump at the momentum of her curves.

Her breasts squished against the wall and spread past her relatively tiny frame. She's a flower waiting to be pollinated once more. 

The dancer thinks the woman might be a harlot or an outcast. Going by her immediate attempt to woo him, and then this. Her behavior betrays something that a groomed noble would have never unveiled without alleviating the tension of social status aforehand. He can hardly resist the temptation of her presentation.

She's breathing harder, "I need cum. Won't you help?" 

She's no longer supporting her own weight on the wall, she presses her face against the rounded stone and fondles her nipples and butt. Her clothing, sheer, remains on, everything is in sight for him, slightly draped in fine linen.

"My pleasure," he says.

He was going to do some nasty stuff before she offered. He drops his robe open after unfastening the belt. He gets right up next to her and stops before making entry.

He sees her looking back with enticing eyes. The woman is meekly rubbing her ass and pussy against him. There's a grateful look on her face, an open jaw, her lips in an 'o'.

"I'll put it in now," he says.

He tries to calm himself thinking, [i]It's not like this is any different from screwing a noble's fat wife.[/i] The dancer's cock begins to twitch though. It's different, he admits, [i]There is something about this.[/i]

He breathes deeply after admission. He's pushing forward. His cock is barely pressing against her through her sweat-plastered clothing and she orgasms. He didn't think it was possible.

This woman is the horniest thing on two legs he's ever met. Reaching below the hem he spreads her pussy wide, lifts the hem revealing her generously oiled body, and thrusts with a squelch as they connect.

The lusty tramp vulgarly roars in a deep pitch in an excessively gratuitous way. She is shaking her body as he goes in. Her ass moves and her entrance chews him like it's a rabbit nibbling at a piece of grass. She's reciprocating and increasing the stimuli. A tremendous torrent of fluid rushes out from her.

"Is she possessed?" He asks himself.

Her stuff's everywhere and spread up on her anus. Her tits bounce and issue milk slowly. It drips on the floor. Her hands spread against the wall as she becomes a limply propped fuck-doll made for gratuitous pounding.

He grabs her generous tits and fondles and teases her. He moves his hips to grind with her back. That pussy he's thrusting at is squirting and writhing with every push. He cums into her.

The woman doesn't face him and meekly bends down until her tits are rubbing the brick floor. She sticks her tongue out and bites it lightly, eyes narrowing. Pulling out momentarily, the semi-flaccid penis gets hard again. Pussy or ass, it didn't matter which, she's ready and wet in either. 

She turns her head to look at him. Her hair's messy, and her tits are rubbing the paved floor.

"What's that look?" he says. "You definitely enjoyed it."

She takes a hold of him by the balls and she strokes them gently despite the fierceness in her eyes.

"Is this alright?" she asks.

Not being given a response for a short while. The fond stroking stops. She gets down into a comfortable position on her side.

She senses his hesitation. So she returns to a calm demeanor.

The blue-clothed whore opens her mouth, sticking out her tongue, eyeballing his stiff meat, her tongue glowing from wetness in the torchlight. She sticks her index and middle finger in and out over her tongue. She kisses the air and licks her upper lip.

He understands. They met this way. He would have screwed her like this if she didn't come onto him first. He takes charge and puts it right up near the sweet spot.

The first sensation is the nibble of her lips. She sucks on the tip enthusiastically poking at the hole with her tongue. His dick is so ready. His sperm mixed with her own stuff coats it. She tries to lap it all up with her cute tongue. Her tongue rubs a quarter down the shaft, closing her mouth around it.

She starts moaning, as though his dick were in her pussy. He nearly loses all his breath when an involuntary shudder from his abs feels like he's cum early. He pushes it in more so his shaft takes the stimulation, trying to hold back a moment longer. That didn't work. He thrusts the entire shaft down her throat while cumming. She continues to rub her tongue around in an attempt to pleasure even while being stuffed so roughly. After seeing his deepthroat affect her, he pulls away. She's practically out of breath, laying on her side.

He steps around and her pussy is gleaming in full view of the candlelight. She's drooling the cum out of her mouth to the floor while she trembles. She's gasping for air. She's not able to keep going.

He hasn't had enough. He feels her up while she's catching her breath. He gets a whiff of her. The smell of her is exciting. Her hips between his fingers give him a primal urge to mate her properly if he can. 

He thinks he can use her tits as they lie. He whacks off to ensure he's rigid and inserts between them. It's pretty hot looking, but it's not a tight enough grip to stimulate him. He tries to loosen her clothing a bit and looks at her pretty face. Her eyes are closed slightly like she's just waking up again.

He helps her onto her front and checks the ass she's been displaying for him. It looks nice, so he slips in between her cheeks for a wild ride as she reacts. She makes vulgar grunts. Her firm ass flexes and she tightens her anus. She turns her face to him with a joyous look in her teary eyes. Has she been waiting? His sick mind demands more and he switches to her pussy, he covers her mouth, and he makes a sinister face. He cums inside her again. He switches back and forth now.

She starts to wriggle a little but eventually gives up, her orgasmic reflex engages. He's doing it because she wanted him so badly. Her tits bounce around wildly and drip nectar, confined by her messed clothes. Thrusting is all she feels and wants. Her chest and stomach are pressed to the floor.

This time the dancer yells appreciative he spurts inside her while she's crying from joy. His hand covers her mouth. He cums a few more times in ass and pussy. He's going back and forth, her body a funhouse for his prick. He's spanking her and rubbing her breasts around. The scrawny fucker forces her to reposition several times while he does it.

He takes positions to overpower the harlot, if she weren't already giving herself completely he'd dominate her. Her persuasion was too effective.

He slaps her ass once again. Her face gets pushed around a little by his hand. She grunts while trying to wriggle her ass. She's following whatever direction his shaft slides.

He grabs her clothing and pulls. The upper part of her dress is torn, body bared, and she starts shrieking in painful climax with each breath she lets out between his fingers.

They both stop to breathe. The kinky whatever-she-is, not looking at him says without waiting, "Do it again." 

A spark of some anger lights up in the man's eyes at this comment, for he not only gave it his all but he dared venture into the extremes he's been educated in. He takes out his dagger, she starts moving to stop him but gives up, it was already done.

She says, "I'll be a plaything if that pleases you."

He cuts the sides of her clothes. The removed clothing releases her cleavage entirely and her shoulder straps are cut, and her dress is opened for ease of access. Her jiggling breasts fall to the floor the moment he undoes them. He helps her roll onto her back from her current sideways position.

He compares her naked body with his past exploits of lust. Her figure is astounding. Definitely above the beauty he's used to. Her exhaustion is evident. She's weak. Her ass is so well endowed her hips won't touch the floor. Her shoulders are narrow and her breasts nearly reach the floor as they slip to the sides.

He wants to make love to her as she is now forever.

A strange glow is cast around him as he stares at her bare body.

There's an unknown voice in his head.

[i]"Use this,"[/i] the voice says.

He momentarily forgets all but the pursuance of greater sexual pleasure. He's glad he really got a good look at her, so he can remember her like this.

He enters her and starts thrusting hard. The woman gapes her mouth and breathes faster. Her chest sticks out allowing them to bounce and she flexes her stomach. She cums hard and he cums harder. He grabs her tits and squishes them making her yell louder and some milk squirts out. "You're..." he begins to say, stopping. He doesn't care. He bites her erect teat, "mmmh," he squeezes her ass, and white fluid from his early escapade squirts out.

She cranes her neck back and wriggles her back while convulsing in pleasure as he thrusts in harder. Her tits are gorgeously spread with her milk on them. Her arms reach back behind her head.

He grabs her by the waist. He slips into her deeper with his penis. She opens her eyes, unbelieving he's so hard and long. He convulses in a final spurt of enthusiasm, he tries to make it last longer. He's not able to go longer, he lets go. 

A mockery of torment and horror is plastered on the face of seductive beauty giving into bliss. Sweat beads on her face along with the oils. Her hair is ground to the paved floor. Her amazing tits have treads from his teeth on them. The oil is wiped off her breasts. Raw red marks from punishment all over her. Her ass is chapped and bruised from grinding against stone and getting slapped.

The dancer is still enjoying it. Spittle is dripping out his mouth. He holds one of her legs up and then pulls out of her, uncouthly unloading a final wad into then across her privates.

He gets a good look at his dirty work.

She's a crumpled mess of a woman. She can barely breathe due to exhaustion.

Her clothes are ripped, her pussy is stretched, her body is bruised, her tongue protrudes slightly, and her hair's frizzed. Without the oil on her skin, it has a lighter tone. Her nipples are stiff. She wore makeup to redden her lips and cheeks, it is smeared. Drool is coming out of her mouth and privates. Parts of her dress are ripped from digging into the floor as well as cut open.

Not in a much better state of affairs than the slut he just undid, the dancer falls to a sitting position, exhausted. He keeps his eyes on her.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C2, Scene 4: Sexually Transmitted Dreams[/size][/u]

The fatigue he felt seeps into him. Mental exhaustion from defiling her. Guilt. Anguish. He's never been with a woman this fine. Regret. He can still see a tattered blue garment lit by candlelight. She is sleeping. Relief.

He reaches for the object he took off the statue and looks at it carefully. He is oblivious to the nature of it.

[i]"Use this,"[/i] that voice repeats.

He gets back his energy somehow, a second wind. He feels like he could keep screwing this woman if she were still awake. He'd give her everything. But, for now, he had no longer wont nor desire left. He wasn't a god.

[i]"But you could... hehe,"[/i] a man's voice clearly urges. [i]"So take."[/i]

Now he senses the meaning, [i]Coitus is within my grasp. I can feel my anticipation rising to accept the prize.[/i]

To his great dismay, his cock stiffens again.

The horny dancing boy looks in search of an exit.

Someone sneaks up behind him and covers his eyes. This sensation, he knows it well, for it is forever stained in his consciousness. A few minutes ago he would give to have felt it last forever. A woman is pressed against his back.

He's used to heavier women. This was no trouble. He turns and grips her arms so she doesn't push him. He's prepared to catch her.

[i]For some reason, they expect a little force even if you aren't ready,[/i] he reflects on this as he does so.

The first thing he notices is it isn't the same woman.

She's not a heavy one. Her body was thin like his. Her face was full. This girl is completely innocent compared to the last. From her outfit, she is in no worse state of affairs than the previous one he just ruined. Her dress is horrid and she is dirty.

With her now meeting his gaze. A faint green gleam in her eyes suggests she's taken with him. His stiffening region is pleading to enjoy another treat. She looks so innocent her helplessness makes him retreat mentally. He had such high hopes in pursuing more young women too. It's like he is already penetrating her. Her eyes accused him.

She kisses him. She gets on her knees pleading, "Let me... no no let me suck it, please." Immediately putting her mouth to lick at his smelly crotch. Her passionate glances at his face while sucking make it too difficult for him to reject her. She puckers her lips.

"What are you doing..." he starts to say, then he lifts her face away from his crotch. She struggles weakly.

"Are you feeling love at first sight? You want it so much?" he asks.

"I want to suck and drink it," she says.

"Are you thirsty?" he asks.

She nods while feebly trying to insert him again.

"I have water to drink," he offers. "Here." 

He reaches for a waterskin in his satchel.

With only one hand on the side of her, she's able to slip past it and blow him. She's able to pull down his pants. Her mouth presses around. She closes her eyes, finally taking in his shaft and feeling him clench his cock while she embraced his glans. She goes deep.

Her technique is very similar to a struggle, like a dog gently tugging at a rope, not willing to let go even if he tries to take it from her. Her head turns left and right while his whole mast slips in and out of her mouth down her throat.

He cums between her lips. She licks off the last remaining drops after.

"Long tongue," he admires. "If you sold your body you'd be able to join a house or marry a lord.

"I'd like to see just how good you are. Show me." 

What luck he must have, to encounter this cute little sex freak. Not just one horny woman, two, in such a short time. 

He gives in to her whiles. He eats her out from behind. He then grabs her under chin and with her facing away examines her backside. She speaks to him while he does this, "don't try to fight it, enjoy every bit of me." Yes, he will, he gently slid himself inward from behind. "You're so thick. Oh! So strong. So long. You make me feel beautiful." In throes of unheard passion, the girl confesses while she struggles with his ever-hard pecker. She clears her throat like she's preparing for a long discussion.

As they fuck he felt her vocalize the action through a hum and song. It was meant for him to enjoy. A strange song to be sure as it became stilted through each thrust and clap between them. She grits her teeth and she sweats all over.

She's losing her breath. Her breath is a pitched whine.

Closing those beautiful green eyes, she bends her back and spurts girlcum. He gladly returns the favor and fills her with his own thick stuff. He presses his fingers inside her ass while he does and she cums again. She leans forward, allowing him to take complete control. 

[i]Breed.[/i]

His cock never gets soft, her body will meet his demand, he can force it out of her. 

She takes him silently now. She looks at him with an open mouth, trying to keep breathing. His cum fills her. She has a light orgasm or two before falling asleep and then he pulls out. Finally self-aware of the repeated molestation, he would no longer succumb to lust even if he was still erect.

The stories he read, now, seem so alive and so true.

Although she sleeps peacefully, the sense of this power digs into him. He stares at her glistening genitalia that were wrapping him. Her hips are much narrower than the other woman there.

His dick is still stiff, he can't resist after looking.

Regretfully, he climbs on her and presses in again. She moans weakly and so sweetly. He releases whatever he still had stored without a care. They fall asleep, connected.

The stud lays down to rest on top of his sleeping mate and he dreams of the book, a strange black effigy becomes a part of him. He ejaculates into the girl while sleeping. She awakes each time.

The captor of her loins demanded her to accept him. She pants, drools slightly, and breathily grunts. "That's it," she encourages. His orgasms keep growing stronger, and the amount of fluid released increases. "Oh. Oh no." Her womb is filled completely, semen overflowing her. "Enough! I'll suck him." There's no more she can take. Her womb has done all she can. She dismounts and takes a new sixty-nine position.

He cums at the lightest touch. Pretty soon she's worked up about it. The green-eyed nympho grabs his ballsack and he spurts all over her arm. "Ugaah," she wails. She tries to hold his cock with her hand hard enough to stem the tide but his cock is too strong for her. She starts to passionately blow him and drools out what he delivers.

The cum which exits as he sleeps is thick and foamy. It spills out her mouth. It sticks to her tongue. It gets all over her naked face and smears around her body. It makes it difficult for her to move without there being a mess.

She masturbates and when she's wet enough she inserts him. She screams, terrified at the escalating pressure of her full womb and ejaculate froths from her small pussy once again until her girlcum thins it out enough to pull out. She rubs it on her asshole and the cum covers her backside. 

"I can't. It's just not possible, give in already!" she yells in frustration.

Looks of fear and frenzy and soon rage show on her face as she struggles to dominate his sleeping body. 

She'll argue, "You can't possibly be this strong."

The kinky little green-eyed girl places the tip of the man's penis to her clit and rubs it over. She has a few harsh orgasms yelling in a scream, "No!" The cum squirting out, she felt it, the sensation is so good.

She gets down to play more, her head goes down on him. It might be like swallowing a foot-long golf club, but she swallows every inch. It comes out her nostrils before she makes it all the way down and her eyes water. Her stomach fills and she pisses herself.

She mournfully cries, [i]It's so much.[/i]

The cum leaks from between her lips and onto him again. He just keeps cumming, cumming, deep inside her throat. She thinks she might die if she attempts to finish him. Her whole body is worn out.

He wakes up, sort of. He pulls her off him.

Still under his power, she's forced into a reverse cowgirl position. He sticks his cock into her and cums, he sticks his cock into her again and cums, he sticks it in yet again and cums...

She starts begging, "Oh NO! Forgive Me! I can't take it!"

[i]Release the trance. I must release the trance,[/i] she thinks and then cries it, "urgently! Stop this!"

His cum starts to invade every corner of her after overtaking her orifices and consciousness. Her arms are limp her head slips down almost falling asleep. He puts his cock into her pretty little asshole. She jumps back into wakefulness.

"It won't fit, not there, never," she denies. But it does! And the amazing sensation overwhelms her. She goes ballistic, unable to concentrate on what she was doing. "No... Nuhuh." Her speech slurs. The cum fills her once again and her stomach stretches. "Oh fucc gawd save me I'm gonna break he's fucking my ass!" she wails drooling.

He holds her hair and pounds into her laying on their side while her legs kick the air with each thrust. He's kissing and caressing her face and ears while he does this from behind.

The real world is veiled from him thanks to the green-eyed girl.

In his mind, right now, he's fucking a valley of slutty nymphomaniacs. An angel, a schoolgirl, and a devil. Each one never stops pleading for more. They barrage him with adoration during each fit of lovemaking. They like his cock so much. They spread their pussies for him to do suggesting, "...whatever sire would like." He'll return the praise and lovely words, to the best of his ability.

He pays compliments to them, "You have a fine body. A whorehouse would offer fine payment for such as you." He gladly would do everything to their bodies. They plead with joy, and so, he does.

He holds down the green-eyed girl, his weight not so great, but still enough to overpower her. She's lost... Cum jets out her mouth and ass. He reaches around and fingers her pussy. Several explosions of cum enter and exit her, in-and-out her asshole. The skinny jerk throat fucks her from a sixty-nine position while bending her legs up and his tongue-fucks her pussy, and he bites.

He's kissing and licking her privates as he cums into her throat repeatedly. He pulls her legs up and stands, then shoves downward pressing Green to the floor by her neck so he can get a good deep entry into her ass. Mating press.

She twitches. Cum sprays from her pussy. Cum drips down both sides of her face. Her nipples are hard.

He's escalating to pleasure his mates again, chasing the sensation he felt not long ago. In his dreams, the girls beg, "Keep coming for us, don't let us get away."

With his dick switching between her ass and her vagina. He squeezes her upper arm to hear her yell. He bits her neck. He gets up to put her in a full nelson while receiving head. He gets her against a protruding rock on the wall and forces her against it repeatedly thrusting.

Her ass hits the wall and jiggles and her face is forced close to the wall for the intercourse. He pulls up her dress and rubs her nipples. He puts his hands on her neck and licks her face sloppily. His dried cum wets there and around her sweaty body. He covers her nose and mouth and gets back behind her. He starts spanking her wildly while she's forced into a corner of the room.

He runs out of energy eventually and falls completely asleep. His face is perched on Green's nose after he was busy sucking at it.

She gets away and coughs up a lot of vile gunks, she releases his ejaculate from her bowels, then she crawls away into the shadows, not wanting him to enjoy witnessing her misery in failure. She tries to call him names but her throat catches at the fear of alerting him to her continuing presence.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C2, Scene 5: The Balance of Power[/size][/u]

A dancing boy sleeps.

Not far away, in another room, a short skinny girl with tired green eyes plays with a weak woman wearing a tattered blue dress. Lightly touching each part of her body, the girl grins with a satisfaction of a dervish whenever the beauty reacts like she is struck by jolts of immeasurable pleasure. The feeling of the touch is exquisite in her docile state, her eyes closed.

There is another presence. Green turns around, much too late. A built woman, fully clothed, snuck up behind her.

After watching this from the newcomer's place, there was no reason for introduction. She plunges her fingers into the young lady without the slightest hesitation.

Green blushes, holding the fingers to push them away. She's slowly shaking her head. The red-haired woman forces her fingers in and gives her clit an intensely deep rub with her index finger while she plays with Green's ass.

The green-eyed girl bears down her teeth at first and achieves a painful orgasm, stretching her mouth wide she holds back her scream to deny her assailant satisfaction. Her face blushes. Then she falls limp. She's allowed back on top of the blue-dressed woman like a soft cushion.

She crawls her way forward and drinks milk like a baby. The red-haired woman takes her head and gives her a kiss, some of the milk drips between them, and something else...

"Cum!" the redhead says. "Where does a little bitch get off finding a man in our holy place?"

The blue-clad damsel wakes slightly. Someone's sucking her tits, a girl. Then a manly figure shoves her milker aside and drives into her repeatedly, fingers or cock, she can't tell. Her legs are trying to shut to hold him back. She has an erogenous climax squirting her juices everywhere before falling back under an enchantment.

The redhead licks her fingers having plastered both the women here. She declares, "Divine providence, bitches." The women should entertain her better.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C2, Scene 6: Red Feast[/size][/u]

By the time the slumbering dancer becomes alert, the girls he cherished are gone. There must have been two dozen. As he wakes up more, he understands that was a dream. It was more like two.

He ventures onward. 

He runs into another woman with fiery red hair, this one is visibly fit. He's going to call her Red. Her toned muscle, her casual glance toward him unabashed. She's fully clothed like he'd expect a rational person in this place to be.

She's eating something. He's hungry.

He asks, "May I have some?"

Red makeup is on her lips, he can tell when she starts moving them.

She responds, "Why, yes, you may. But you have to do something for me in return."

"Something?" he inquires.

"Oh," she explains nothing. "you'll find out." [i]As if I'm telling him.[/i] "You must accept. Are you going to have some?"

He accepts.

"Call me Red," she tells him. "What may I call you?"

He eats a little jerky while they carry on through the place. They reach a strange altar of a girl with candles on her body. Red rearranges them, which opens a gateway.

Before they enter, Red says, "Now. I want it now. You promised. I'm hungry too. I fed you. You promised." 

He doesn't understand. [i]What does she mean? Promised what? Hungry?[/i]

"What?" he asks.

She pushes him against the wall and kisses him while groping his cock through his pants. She doesn't ask.

He feels it. His cock is raw from rubbing inside so many places. One doesn't just screw two nubiles or three dozen women in a field of flowers without remembering the burden.

His dick swells for hers and his delight. [i]"Use this,"[/i] a gruff reminder, and a boon, his courage wells up in his chest.

[i]Then again,[/i] he thinks.

She unbuckles him and she doesn't ask, she [i]takes[/i] it. By giving it a lick.

With excited breaths, she looks up at his face. [i]He's already this stiff.[/i] She's excited thinking about it. She stands up almost touching his face with her hands before putting her arms behind her. She turns and presses her lower back against him forcefully.

He closes his eyes and reaches down to pull up her skirt, but she's wearing a belt. Her hands were already there.

He says, "You have to lean forward." 

She mutters breathily, almost angrily, "I know," and she undoes the belt and pulls down her pants, bending forward. 

The dancer sees she's not wearing any silken undergarments. She reaches back to grip his shaft, a swollen red prick he can't hide and doesn't care to. Their bodies are similarly built in the midsection. [i]She could be experienced.[/i]

He considers confessing love. [i]If she's a great lover, it's worth it.[/i]

She might leave him either way though. [i]What's the point?[/i]

The image he's building in his mind exits when he feels the sensation once again. He's in her and he breathes out a low moan and sighs breathing in deeply. She's a nubile young woman. Deep down, he needed more just like this, he'll cherish every single one. 

He impresses upon himself, [i]I'm having intercourse for a third time in one day, every time with an astounding beauty.[/i]

His fantasies and energy, his urge to fuck every single one, this is all out of his own comprehension.

[i]How'd I end up like this?[/i]

He thinks he hears her moaning a little and he hasn't even gotten going. So... much like him. He's breathing hard from the pleasure too. He shouldn't criticize her, he was just sighing in a soft moan a second ago. His stiff cock is spurting prematurely. Perhaps, she's a little better than he is given the circumstance.

Red's a little heated after removing her pants and making the connection with him. She softly mutters so he can barely hear her, "That's a lot of man to handle, I'm not sure I'll manage."

Now that he's in, his eyes fill with desire while he admires new beauty.

She takes him deep, moving back and forth, coitus, with little regard for resistance, intense friction, hot, wet juices splatter out from where they touch and snap together. She's sweaty. She flexes and bends and twists. She shudders.

"A-a-ah!" she cries and tightens around him.

There's a plink and a snap as they pull apart and reconnect. The tightness doesn't subside and she moves even more vigorously.

He starts shoving her forward rather than letting her control everything. He tries leaning back a bit to make it easier. Her soft entrance can move and his foreskin, before the noise of their repeated connection is audible, there's enough space to move for a vigorous fuck. Even with the snap as they stick together and pul apart, cum effortlessly exits his dick.

Although she was accepting him willingly, the woman furiously tries to fuck him harder like it's a battle.

Soon, he's sitting against the floor with his back on the wall. She's in a full squat, thrusting down on him with splatters of lubricant dripping and her grip is so intense he feels like he can't cum any longer. "Gentler, babe, pace yourself," he tries. It's like she's been looking for a moment like this to take over the intercourse. "Why can't you calm down?" It's a little tiring even staring at her ass undulating in front of him while sitting. 

"Shut up, take it," she retorts... This of course sounded like a challenge. He fights back, he pulls her shirt up and he manages to force her to change to easier positions. She never quite slows down, however. Adrenaline saps into the dancer's veins.

He starts raging, "You want it rough?"

His cock bulges and sweat splatters from the two of them. After a quick tussle, he has her in a submissive position. The girl is underneath, a mating press.

Having him conquer her, she becomes docile. And a little more aroused.

He pushes back against her to make it difficult for her to take control again. His entire weight is on her. Cum splatters out of her, it spreads over her ass and lower back. Her small tits. She squeals and covers her naked body. He gets her wrists and holds them to the floor. She's no longer in control. She wants it. She squeals with glee. His slower half pushes into her. This doesn't stop for some time.

The dancer wants her to beg for mercy. Somehow mustering a final powerful orgasm, the man thrusts in. There's a loud [i]clak[/i] as their parts force together. His cum fills her and oozes out. Her eyes widen with surprise, he pulls out and it goes across her body. The glow from the amulet subsides.

[i]"Good job, have another,"[/i] he thinks he hears.

He turns her over, preparing to continue pounding in her pussy some more.

She gets into a downward dog position and lets him. Her pussy tries to grip at him and the skin stretches out greedily sucking at his shaft. Her swollen uterus no longer clicks trying to snap with his pelvis, things are puffing out. Each pull outward makes her breathe for air hard, for every next push in sends it all out, he rocks her world.

With inconceivable strength and ability, the girl reaches back and grabs the cockfiend. She pulls him down while in her down-facing position for a kiss. His dick slips out from her flexible movement. He thinks he's cum, some more...

She stands up pushing him back easily, flexes her spine, and stretches her arms.

She says, "I'm pretty strong. You'll have to try twice as hard next time."

She ended so abruptly, his expression was telling. So she iterates, "I went easy on you. Don't be a wimp. I can keep going. It's just... maybe not right now."

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C2, Scene 7: Tickled Pink[/size][/u]

Red says, "We should get out of here." 

The dancer doesn't really know why, but after three marathon sessions with women he thinks, [i]Finally, someone's talking some sense.[/i]

He offers her a cloth and wipes the cum off her face. She has her own equipment, but she accepts. They progress on into the dungeon. 

After reaching a laughing statue again, the dancer scratches his head. "I don't get it. Was the temple built by the infantile?" he asks.

He wants to slap the statue. He holds back, maybe he shouldn't do it in front of [i]her[/i].

"Oh, you need to..." the redhead grabs his now limp cock and sucks on it. 

"Aaah! Right now?" He's annoyed. Again?

"Here, put it here," Red says.

"Wher do you want me to put it? What, there? I don't know."

"You need to fuck her." She got her hands on the statue. "Trust me, it's the only way out."

The saliva-slick stiff dick slides into the backside of the laughing girl statue. "Cold," he grunts and ejaculates. He slaps the statue on the back. "Bad girl."

Red, seeing this, looks at him disapprovingly. 

He explains, "It was yours until you gave it to her."

She's still looking that way. Was it something else? Red sighs, points at him, and then laughs. Clearly a mock imitation of the statue.

The floor disappears dropping them!

They have a hard landing.

[i]Trap door,[/i] he understood.

He sees Red already moving. How'd she get up so fast? He wonders. He bumped an elbow despite being a physically talented individual.

Red admires the dagger that fell out of his possession. She aks him, "Oh... what's this for? Were you going to rape me?" She blushes. 

The air thickens like he can't breathe, "You wanted me to do that?" He didn't even notice his satchel broke open until he saw her with that.

She has a wide grin on her face, "Do what I tell you. I'm raping you now."

[i]Maybe she's kidding.[/i]

A trio of women emerge nearby to witness a strange scene. A girl is holding her dagger to a sexy ornate boy as they approach. Red points the dagger toward them instead. 

"Go over there," she points at one girl, a priestess most likely.

The priestess is looking relieved. It doesn't last long.

"All of you," Red looks at the stud menacingly.

Three girls are standing with their hands on a wall. Two are clothed in plain garments, and one is a priestess wearing metal strung about her body. They're bending forward, they have their crotches on display for some [i]play time[/i] Red required.

The dancer takes it in. The two plain girls have firm toned bodies, their hips flare out from their narrow waist. The priestess isn't quite as well endowed physically.

Red explained. The rules were simple, [i]Each girl, no... Each bitch takes the cock,[/i] as Red worded so eloquently, [i]I want to see you enjoy it. Do as I say, or the knife is thy fate.[/i]

She cuts open the first one's clothes in back. The cut cloth hangs from her shoulders and touches the wall, fully exposing the recipient.

"I will accept this sire," the first victim declares. "Fuck me." She says it like it was a sworn duty. She's remaining facing front, obediently.

The stud puts it in. She is wet. She purses her lips and wriggles. He feels what he was just staring at up until now. The exposed skin of her rump feels nice in his hands. Her womanhood accepted him and allowed them both to enjoy to finish. Cum drips down her thigh before Red says "Stop," and yet, the girl refuses. She pushes back into him.

Red comes close to her and cuts the front of her bitch's shirt open spilling out her tits. Not too bad looking.

"When I say [i]stop[/i], your time's up," she explains.

The first bitch screams in shock at her shame. Exciting, frightening. Another spurt of cum ejects into her. The dancer's girlfriend has some serious fetish. He's not hiding that it got him going.

Red, carefully stowing the blade, grabs the penetration and helps her stud out of the captive. "No, it's mine still," her bitch fusses with the unwanted loss.

Red sticks the dagger close to her pussy.

"Don't! I yield," the bitch gives. "No. I'll be good." She puts her face down on the floor by the wall. The dagger glints, not an inch away from her tender loins. "Do what you must." Red pricks the skin with the tip of the dagger. There's the tiniest red spot. "I'll do what you ask. I said I'll do it, don't be mad." 

Red revels and declares, "Next!"

Red tears open the pants off the next girl and slices the back of her blouse open.

The sire penetrates his next bitch from behind with her hands on the wall, same as before until he cums inside her. This bitch's not so excited and frowns.

Red grins, telling him, "Keep going. She's not satisfied. Not one bit. You haven't even made her squirm from enjoyment."

Semen spreads around in her cunt, and she neither resists nor enjoys it.

Red offers more advice, "You should slap her ass. Girl. You better move."

He does, he's an excellent spanker. Her as is chapped, and after he's too excited to keep doing it he delivers some gyrations, ineffective on her. Red gives up. She looks startled her eyes focus on one point.

She says, "Stop."

Following her gaze, their full attention is on the priestess now. She happens to be alone, saying something to herself.

"Wait!" shouts Red.

Red screams as a snake twists up her leg and penetrates her ass, lifting her. Snakes also penetrate the other two who yell curses and threats.

The group's stuck there, lofting up off the floor. The priest stands up from the wall, looking at the man who was not targeted. [i]Playtime is over,[/i] he thinks.

The priestess tells him, "I will return your energies. Please be more careful about making friends." She chants an incantation and the dancer can feel his physical stress melt away. His bruises from the fall noticeably heal. It's like he never fell. No longer a horny sexual deviant after screwing two women, his mind recovered as well. He stands there in awe of the power on display.

Red breaks free of the strange holding spell, and the snake wriggles out of her. So do the other two girls.

They pounce on the priestess and hold her down. Red begins cutting away at her clothes and looks intent on sliding the dagger in, the sheath that is. A beautiful priestess will soon die.

"WAIT!" the onlooker exclaims. He moves to intervene.

The girls react surprised. They move aside, feeling his authority. With evil looks on their faces, they still acknowledge him because he fucked them all. Red tucks the knife in her belt stowing it and nods as if telling him, 'Ok, she's yours to play with.'

"It's ok," the dancer says. "These women are horny. I'm sure they'll accept you if we have sex." He leans over and kisses the priestess passionately. Sex was his second nature. To him, this is all an afternoon's work.

He moves slowly, fondling her. He feels her moistness. After his rejuvenation, courtesy of her, his cock is ready for any action.

"I haven't..." she meekly protests.

He understood, but his lust grew anyway, no holding back. To hold it back now, he'd have to stop touching her entirely. With those women watching, it was more dangerous to leave her alone. He can feel an adrenaline buoy rising. He knows he can take control. What'll happen next is up to him. And another thing.

Perhaps he'll get a sense of her power if he's with her. The dancer leans in for another kiss and he presses inside the priestess. She is pained.

She has an orgasm before he's made the necessary effort.

She cums and cums and cums and cums... He has no reason to wait for her to finish. He pushes in deeper causing her much greater pain.

The broken virginity spills at his penetration. She bends her neck back and uproariously screams. He thrusts and passionately kisses her face until he cums. She keeps spilling his seed. Her lust streams out. She's a powder keg of emotions. Fluids emanate out from her eyes, mouth, sweat, and vaginal lubricants.

The dancer's pretty amazed. He's also ready to chide her. "What kind of woman is like this? How long have you gone without? Haven't you wanted it enough to ask for a man in your life? You're like a never-ending stream of passion," he says to her.

The other girls look sad they weren't somehow involved, but subdued after watching it happen. The priestess whispers something to the dancer. He cums inside of her cunt once again. She gives a frightful look and rolls her head back, her chest is covered in metal trinkets that twinkle.

What she said,

[i]There are colors of power. They shine brightest in those who follow a path among ancients, I follow the one true god. I can see the colors. These three women are a lively pink, especially the one with red hair.[/i]

He [i]gets it[/i]. A shock of clarity reaches the last sane person there, pink. He turns and sees it now, [i]the red hair, the red clothes. The muscular build, the veracity, dexterity. He loves the way they look. And this.[/i] He holds out the object he got from the first statue and his strength returns. The amulet glows pink.

[i]"Do her some more,"[/i] it said.

He takes charge of the women around him, "Drop the knife. I'll pleasure you all. Whoever you are. If you don't, you'll never feel my cock again."

[i]It's just like the story told. Isn't it? They're somehow part of the Amazonian descendence. Right?[/i] he thinks. Could he hope so?

The three girls look shocked, the knife is tossed aside.

While he entreats one, the other two stand next to him trying to service, quickening the course to whatever the conclusion may be. It'll be their turn sooner that way.

He takes the second respective captive in his arms. "You weren't enjoying our sex earlier," he reminds her. "How do you prefer to do it?" He takes a seat and she straddles him. She certainly enjoyed being on top until they finished.

Then he has his time with the first newly met lady in this room. She gives him head and a handjob before connecting with him like lovers. There's a lot more pleasure on her face than expected. Through her tattered clothes, he felt her soft chest easily.

He has to ask the next one, "Red, you're far stronger than you let on. How can you have so much endurance?" Indeed she displays her ability now, her legs allow her to take any stance and rapidly smack into him. Her tight pussy snaps together with his cock, audibly popping as they disconnect.

Only one girl is standoffish. The priestess hid in the corner taking her time. She finishes casting a spell. No one was looking.

"No. You tricked us!" Red yells. Understandably upset after being toyed with, she is [i]very[/i] upset.

Black tentacles cloy about them and hold them fast.

She binds the three girls. Her god's emanations snake around their bodies.

The amount of cum the man put into every girl was extraordinary, now it's the tentacles's turn. Tickling, lubricating, prodding, and fertilizing. They go in the mouths and cum backwashes out. Their insides are explored, every pulse of the invaders filling them. There the tips sprout out their anuses like lively whipping tails.

The women cum so hard they run out of strength and go limp.

Red groggily looks up as the dancer takes her in his arms. She's verging on climax, constantly, unabated by known limitations while she's still filled with the black tentacle.

The dancer looks at her. She can't speak. Her eyes say she wants him. He asks, "Still?" He holds her in his arms. "I think I... Nevermind. Are you sure?"

He has sex with her while she's being held like this. Missionary. She doesn't have a single protest about it. With his advantage, she can't return to control either. Afterward, he helps her off. 

The two unknowns are worn out. They're lying on the floor with huge black tendrils passing through them. Their hair is matted down by sweat and goop. The energies of a three-course pleasuring resides in their bodies.

The tail end that exited one goes back in vaginally. It repeats. The fourth exploration of their bodies now commences. There is no pleasure they will not be a party to today.

The dancer continues the journey holding Red.

A great wave of purifying light washes down on the party behind them. He's enticed to look back. He takes a look and the group of women has vanished.

[i]That priestess.[/i] He does not wish to incur the wrath of a woman who can do that.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C2, Scene 8: Gurrly Slurry[/size][/u]

They reach a chamber with a beast of unearthly proportions.

The dancer places Red, still worn out, on the floor at the entryway. 

Two dainty women with staves standing guard shout, "Stop, who's there?!" 

Their voices cause the beast to stir. He reaches out with many tentacles and grabs them. Several seconds of being fondled and stretched and then creampied is enough that they forget their guard duty.

He gently puts them back.

Cum squirts out their mouths and vaginas as they stand alert. Incredible amounts of cum fly out of them as they remain still, their climaxes don't stop. While they're ejaculating their penance, they prop their staves up and lean into them with their heads near their hands.

They weren't the only women already there. Looking past the black limbs sprouting out the bukkake god's back, the dancer saw women giving fellatio. Many were piled up in tangles like stocked packs of grain.

[i]He fed them his cum, taking pleasure in return. They rest at the edges of the room and in the back of him where he can feel their bodies constantly on edge.[/i]

The dancer turns around, about to run. That was way too much in so little time for him to handle. Then he saw another danger he must avoid.

A single priestess similar to the previous has crept up behind him. She's deeply tongue-kissing Red and molesting her. Her fingers work figurative magic against the woman's clit. Handprints spring out on Red's toned ass cheeks where she's groped.

She takes Red past the young man to the beast. She looks at him sizing him up. She puts Red in place of the guards, a sacrifice.

He knows it, [i]This priestess, no, whatever this place is, it is malevolent to the core.[/i]

"Don't," he meekly says.

The bukkake god grabs Red. He has a very fine girl in his arms now. He quickly overtakes her body not allowing her the ghost of a chance to escape. He forces himself into every hole she has and the cream flies out of her as he cums. He deeply tongue kisses her while cumming inside her mouth. Her face is coated over with his substance completely. His main phallus is hard.

The priestess courts the cum god during this. She's rubbing her body on him while he screws Red. She undresses. She is feeling his extrusions, giving him handjobs.

The dancer recollects the story he read. [i]This ancient is able to have sex with many women simultaneously. He hasn't left this place in so long. The lifestyle is hedonistic to the extreme.

Is she going to screw the cum god?[/i] he has to wonder. [i]Oh, she's doing it.[/i]

He looks on. He sees the two girls fucking the bukkake god willingly, or not. Once he got started Red was really into it for a few seconds. Jizz is flying around everywhere messing up their pretty clothes and metal trinkets. It's getting [i]nasty[/i].

Red quivers and subsides on his many cocks after an overwhelming orgasm completely overcomes her. The priestess continues, enamored with his godly erection.

He places Red behind him with her asshole and pussy exposed like a naughty flesh toy prepared and lubed. Many tentacles from his back surround her and the women there. She lies face down in the mass of slimy used women coated in cum and thick threads of it trailing across them.

The dancer gets a little closer as his sense of reason fails him.

A hand caresses his ballsack and cups it to a soft squeeze. He doesn't know who does it. He can't move for his safety. Something slips up his butt touching his prostate. He has an overwhelming painful erection from the feeling. He's being felt in ways he never has before. He's falling asleep. He understands there's a woman giving him a gentle handjob.

"Keep it safe," says a strange woman massaging his prostate and stroking his cock.

The dancer wakes gradually and stumbles back to where he came from. He encounters a great number of fit women who push him until he's knocked down and then they try taking advantage of him. He falls into the rhythm of their movement.

[i]Sex, they want to have sex,[/i] he registered.

They give him blowjobs. Somehow his dick is still so sensitive. He'll [i]cum[/i]! His sperm loads are [i]huge[/i], no matter how many girls went in at the same time they came out coated white-on allowing a full-faced enjoyment to grace them all. There is a surprise for each of them. They enjoy it thoroughly. His jizzum covers them all, it covers everything they wanted.

He turns back again. Maybe the girls here aren't any better than the ones in [i]there[/i]. No, they're not done. They won't leave him alone now. They follow him back.

Entering the lair of the sleeping giant they all stop in their tracks, all but the dancer. He wanders around into a backdoor of the lair, no longer afraid of the giant.

The bukkake god will not be so easily avoided though. He grabs the horde of women watching him with his tentacles while they try to fight it. Fit beautiful sluts are pumping their fists and kicking to escape. The struggle just makes him grip them harder.

He sexes them. They start to be pacified. He takes them all immediately as one. They take him in their pussies.

The room came alive as the group has an orgy with the single most fluidic creature that anyone has ever seen, surrounded by women who can't stop cumming. There's something magical about it all. His cumshots flow through their bodies like viscous miracles of pure orgasmic joy. The priestess continued enjoying him as well.

After he's done fucking each one, they're placed in one of the folds of his nest which houses many writhing tentacles and women he's defeated and elated. The same way Red is fated, so are they to be penetrated and ejaculated.

The god, having finished each one, returns his attention to pleasuring the two pretty guardians of his nest holding staves. Filling them, he places them back on the floor, letting them ejaculate anew with joy. After doing them generously they extoll their pride for him.

They say, "He's very attentive."

They say, "He's so affectionate."

They remain free to worship him happily.

[i]They look naughty, like brainwashed sex-crazed playthings,[/i] he thinks. [i]I want to look at them more. But I want to get out of here with more certainty. I'll try this backdoor.[/i]

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C2, Scene 9: Cum Loudly, Nobody Will Hear[/size][/u]

The dancer, still retaining an energetic hard-on, is caught by a priestess in the deepest chamber with a statue of a masturbating woman. Her servants were getting pounded and squealing in delight outside. The overflowing sperm of the cum god covering them is like rain falling on a muddy ravine.

He says, "You were screwing that [i]thing[/i] just now."

She smiles and tries to ignore that comment. He thinks, [i]Maybe he shouldn't call her god a thing.[/i]

She talks with the boy, "Impudent. You should have gone home and fucked your old fat masters." Then she makes a sardonic smirk, and her voice sounds condescending. "What a [i]treat[/i] I have found. I can tell by your outfit you're a [i]tasty one[/i]. And [i]a dancer[/i]. How [i]cute[/i]. I can dance too. No, don't move. [i]Watch me[/i]."

She forces him to sit. He ends up in the statue's arms, the legs perform well enough as a seat.

She felt his pants trained against the cloth of his skirt. He certainly is a treat for her. She gives the boy a lapdance and as she disrobes her ornaments, she removes her bracelets, her hair's let down, her clothes fall off, and she transforms into the Dread Witch in the buff. Her disguise is removed.

His desire overwhelms his physical body. This is unreal. His dick is hard as a rock but it, it... Is it even!!! No it won't, he's sure it will. His stomach heaves and he feels like he's edged too far to stop. He can't stop staring at her beauty or speak. There's only so much one man can do!

"Very well," she says it like it was an answer to a question nobody asked, "you shall succumb to my pleasure." Stroking one of her small perky breasts she flicks her own nipple in view and lets it stiffen to his delight.

His eyes go to hers, there's no love there, he only saw the eyes of a bird of prey looking at a mouse.

Dread's armor is whipped away revealing her smooth skin and increasing her movement range.

He glances at her perky breasts again while she turns and sits on him. His eyes go down to where the next action was guaranteed to take place. He flexes his groin and nearly cums right there. "Holy FUCK!" he chokes at excitement. He doesn't stop because her anus rubs his shaft making him shout and spasm, and ejaculate even, all with her incredibly talented ass.

It doesn't matter how he'll react to her. She really has forgotten what modesty even is in her time. He should cum as much as he can. She pulls up and his cock slips out of her grip, [i]like tossing a ball up in the air[/i], she thinks. Then she slowly moves down, stroking it directly inward with her oily wet skin. [i]Caught you[/i]. A smile that was somehow terrifying and enchanting creased her face as she tilted her head up. Her skills are fully realized. Self-gratification.

"Have you ever heard a man scream while cumming?" she asks. Thereafter, the only thing he heard was his own shouts as his essence and his soul were sucked into the tip of his fat and happy dickhead.

Her body does something incomprehensible twisting him from the inside controlling every pulse of blood. Her whole body is twisted around and seated sideways during the end of her dance. She keeps moving. His face reflected in her eyes while he screamed in orgasm. His spirit is leaving his body.

After a brief moment of magical earth-shattering glory, Dread stands up, to the dancer's dismay. His erection is slid out from her burning loins, there's a twinge of sensation as he ejaculates again. As cum pours out of her pussy it evaporates into steam. Her armor reappears on her, barely covering her.

The dancer feels like his body is drained of all fluids. He collapses and smolders against the statue, sultry, out of breath. She was so incredibly hot, vapor rises from where she sat. He can't feel his body, it's like he's floating above it.

An unsatisfied look is on Dread's face.

[i]He came like one of those fertility worship men, right into me. He couldn't lay a single finger on me. He couldn't even resist one second.[/i] She looks at him to tell him, "You only lasted a moment, pathetic little cunt teaser."

She shakes her head and leaves, at the last moment saying, "You'll think of me, won't you?"

The image of her muscular back burns into his mind like a photograph. Like she burned him.