Continuing from pink alignment
Mindbreak Ninja, Vore, &Repeat


[u][size=115]Foolish Fantasy[/size][/u]

His reading slows, his thumb stroking the tip of his cock, he stays like that for a while unable to shake the image in his mind. He talks to himself after.

"What if I had a dick like that? Is it creature or spell?"

He must know. He gets up to find the next chapter. The story can't end there.

"Until today I thought women had limits. I never considered just how much they obsess about cocks. I knew I liked butts and tits, and legs. The oral sex though. The sensation of a creampie. They tell it like there's another dimension to intercourse. What kind of new sex awaits for discovery?"

After searching for a while he enters the upstairs bathroom. There's a naked woman bathing. He didn't expect to find anyone, but this has happened once before. 

"Pardon me," he says.

She looks and nods her head. She's breathing deeply like she's enjoying herself.

"Uh, pardon me. May I join you?" he asks, but the thought slips his mind while he undoes his pants, forgetting himself due to the urge to get it on.

Nobody's there.

He zips up his pants and exits the bathroom heading to the master bedroom. Inside, there's more erotic artwork hanging from the walls not unlike the study it's inredibly suggestive. 

There's a bill of paper sticking out from one painting. Upon closer inspection, a bunch of horses are getting jerked off, their piston-shaped horsecocks erect in the hands of farmers. It's captioned "Equestrian Breeding" below.

The artwork seems way too detailed to be amateur. It's unsigned. Illegal or just unwanted by the painter. Something's sticking out of it.

The next chapter. 

"I'm... going to read the chapter now," able to master himself this time, he ignores his erection and proceeds the dank read.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]Chapter 4, Title: The Promise[/size][/u]

[u][size=115]C4, Scene 1: Horsegirl?[/size][/u]

The painting was drawn by a horse breeder by the name of Jacky. 

Jacky was delighted at the sight of horses as young as he could remember.

He took up the practice of forging images, and with only basic tools he silently mastered his hobby.

At a ripe age of thirty-three, he drew his father and his mother breeding horses. He'd watch the amazing animals do the deed. He'd get excited by the sight of it each time. He'd make friends with them, get to know them, and yet, their names slowly blurred together over the years. The life of a horse isn't short, but the ranch did not keep so many for all their years.

Women often visit to ride, rent, and purchase horses. Men and women groom his horses. Over the years he's grown accustomed to all their behaviors. Jacky could get better acquainted and tell them how to treat their purchase. 

He could see the difference between an unmated horse and a stud with untapped energies. The behavior of such bucks around mares. He's observed the excitement and readiness of each while mounting, and finally how natural the penetration was. And one day at the ranch, after he'd been there for nearly fifty years he began to notice them behaving differently around people.

Someone's fucking the horses. 

He started to sweet-talk the clients. He was expecting to discover a stag mare through hearsay or from the culprit. Instead, during drunk conversation it turned out men and women held secret desires of being mounted. They have done other things with his horses, but never bred them in such a way. This did not bother Jacky one bit.

The clients have been finding secluded places to pleasure the bucks with handjobs and kisses. The poor darlings can't screw their riders. There was no way to go all-the-way with something so much bigger.

One girl long ago caught his eye, a Ms. Gwen Starchild. She had a silly habit of ignoring him and going straight to petting the horses. She does the same today.

Her too?

He sits there watching Gwen now, imagining her riding his horses bareback, their bodies free without a saddle. Was this woman going to jerk off his buck today, leaving him alone?

He has an idea!

Another day. His easel is readied. 

He sits down with his craft supply and draws while he watches his designs in motion. 

Betty Sue, a stupid name, so common, never mind. A well-tanned girl licks the sheath of his buck named Bellows. Bellows's excitement showed, and his cock came out for her to rub her face against.

What a great buck. He stood there taking it, wishing he could fuck the darlings out of her. Bellows was in peak physical condition with a full man and glossy fur. The amount of cum he produces for the ranch is remarkable and is worth a small fortune.

Betty removed her top, a stupid-looking thing girls wear. Jacky never wore a shirt, what's the point? 

There were other women there. Jacky gave up thinking of their names and did his second craft while they took turns repeating the act of the previous woman. Jacky drew the likeness of a woman. The seed of his friend spilled out.

Bellows was in need. Jacky knew and began knocking on a piece of wood to get their attention. When they finally looked over they saw he was pointing to a bench with some modifications.

The women lay on their backs and allowed the tip of the horsecock to rub against their clits until they couldn't take it and the next took over. The horse could crush them, the danger must be exciting.

This was not what Jacky intended. It will get much better soon. Jacky got up to explain, demand, two women guide the horse's movement while one lying down takes it. They should keep trying to allow penetration. Bellows's mast ended up wedged between two women, their soft skin stirred up his excitement. He slid his phallus from behind between their groins as they serviced him, and it reached their faces still coating their bodies in warm fluid. 

If they'd be his fucktoys he won't waste them so easily. Jacky returned to the easel.

The women were excited, breathing heavily. The horse's oily cock against their bodies, their pants off he could see their anuses were well used but couldn't possibly take The Bellows.

Enough. Stupid foreplay. Just move on with it.

More studs come out to greet the women. There are also some farmhands. The women fondle the horses and kiss their testicles. Their erect cocks aren't as big as The Bellows. These horses were prepared, the girth was more their size. Wouldn't they like to fuck?

The moment of truth. If they agree to participate, the horses will mate with the women here.

There are special chambers designed to reinforce the spines of smaller mares.

They got in! The women weren't kidding. They're so ready.

The farmhands lubricate them, the horses, and add pheromones. After a few pumps of the individual studs, they proceeded to insert. The women are excited and begging loudly.

The horse cum flows free.

Jacky can see it spilling out. It's too much. A horse pulls out of one woman and the overspill becomes a torrent.

They did it! Horsegirls, yes, Jacky thinks. It doesn't matter if there are few, for now. Soon, everyone will want one. Aroused, he's drawing the scene in detail. 

Another horse is brought over and they put it in her ass. He can't see their faces, he can only hear their cries of joy. The sperm spilled out. They're fucking the girls like mares. Their well-lubricated holes were fit for the bucks, it was like a match made in heaven.

It's too much. They kept saying that. "Too much." But instead of giving up the habit, they'd return for more each day. The women weren't made to last forever though. He saw that over time they were ruined, and still no foals were born. What a waste of good horse sperm.

A woman came in one day, her eyes darting around, afraid she was watched.

"Hello, I'd like to be a horsegirl."

Jacky couldn't believe his eyes. Gwen. 

"Yes'um." 

He brought her to the place.

She took to the stable like she was born there, her asshole gaped when the deed was over. It was so surreal he forgot to do anything besides watch.

He remembers falling for Ms. Starchild. The look on her face now. She's not the person he thought she was. But she wasn't lost to him, not anymore. The buck reinserted and the intercourse resumed. Jacky went to work as well.

He finished his drawings after a few hours and asked how her time has been. 

"I wish I was born a mare," she told him, "Then I could have lived like this on your farm."

A stud fills her belly through her asshole. Her facial expression is difficult to describe, but she wet her lips and drooled as no doubt her insides became engorged with the life seed.

Jacky smiled and replied, "Good girl. I have this carrot for you," and he rubbed his pecker on her face and slipped the head of his cock into her pouty mouth to allow oral sex.

She sucked at it like it was a perfectly natural thing until he relieved his lust. He filled a trough of water and then waited for the horses to finish enjoying themselves. He let Gwen roam his ranch, and she was allowed to dress in stupid outfits. This one's desire would make her fertile for the horses. Maybe he just needed more women who live like horses.

Bellows was limited to breeding grown-up mares and filling bags with his seed. Unfortunate, but in this endeavor the ranch's prized horses were only for looks. But maybe, one day, a steed like Bellows could impregnate a half-horse-half-human weremare of some kind?

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C4, Scene 2: The Pitcher[/size][/u]

A bronzed-skinned girl in black cloth like a silk robe is fellating a very dark-skinned muscular man with a cock over sixteen inches. Her eyes aren't even visible, covered by a cloth blindfold. Only her lips and chin. She holds his cock with a black-clothed glove. She tries licking. She tries sucking at the tip. She rubs her lips along the shaft and sucks the head. She pushes her own head down to swallow it all, joyful tears pool in her eyes, her face unseen to her man. 

Cum for me baby, I want it, she wants it.

Her tongue rolls along the shaft, enjoying the mouthfeel and massaging him inside her throat.

He gently rolls a finger and strokes her clothed cheek before suggesting, "Maybe we should see other people." 

She is fearful, and can't speak, but he has heard her say what he wants before. She gags trying to recite the words anyways, "No I don't want anyone but you. You make my pussy so wet. Put a baby in me and we can be together forever. I can't think of anyone but you." Her throat full of pecker makes a wet squelch and cacophony of glurgling noise and it hurts. He has a truly devilish look on his face blowing his man-chowder. Her eyes close as the warmth enters her belly. His acceptance of her worthless body was all she needed. Her eyes immediately opened to remain attentive when he spoke again.

He says, "Go find the object I truly desire. You can suck my cock all you want then. It will change both our worlds, make our enjoyment real again."

He rests his hand on her neck while his hard cock remains.

Her hands were free. She reaches to touch his body.

It was always real, she sighs holding back the tears, unable to complain. She retches and her abs tighten the urge was out of her control. Her wet cunt runs down her leg betraying the lust she held in.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C4, Scene 3: The Shadow[/size][/u]

A ninja walks through the dark desert.

She discovers pillars that teleport her into a hidden temple.

There's nothing but men lying on the ground and a path forward. She takes it. She is teleported to a strange plane enshrining three mysterious figures and a tome.

There is a statue of a beautiful boy. She understands how his body works. His toned body looks like it could work for hours in a vigorous thrust. The sex would be mesmerizing to watch, should he fuck a woman with his sensual figure. He's not so different from her. 

She is steadfast, "There is no one for me but him." Not seeing the statue while she spoke.

There's a girl with a hopeless visage, something has destroyed her womanhood, and she grasps one breast in despair, failing to fight her terrifying climax. Her muscles suggest it was deliberate.

[i]But her body language run counter to pleasure. It's as though she didn't want, but she had to,[/i] a cold chill ran down Nin's spine at the thought of it.

[i]I feel like her now. What a strange dream. Am I stuck here?[/i]

There is one more. [i]Curious dress.[/i]

The ninja examines a girl with belts on. The belts are stylish, covering her genitalia. Perhaps a bit of a leather fetish. The examiner gulps, she'd like it. She thumbs at her own silk gi, constrasting with the image of a woman wearing hard bondage.

Towards the back there is a tome. She doesn't understand the words but she understood the power it held, and in accepting it she knew of their stories.

[i]That woman was a virgin so long, and now she fucks like a pornstar.[/i]

Her pussy ran from the heat of the memory and...

She returns to the real world. She's not alone. Men stand around her, looking delighted to be there. They are like like great wolves salivating over a kindle of kittens.

She isn't worried, her kittens were ready to fight, "Time for fun ey? Let me guess. You saw me and thought, I should go fuck that little woman." She's a bit on the small side so... "Don't look down on me or I'll..."

They surround and touch her all over, through her cloth.

"I'm not enjoying this, you..." she says, their penises in view. She undoes her sash and displays full-frontal nudity.

"She's a slut."

"She didn't hesitate."

She's not too bad, give her a 'D'. She thinks, I don't want to have sex with these men, why am I leading them on? She feels their cocks pulsing under her gloved hands when they slipe them in, stiffening quickly to the sight and touch of her. One pulls at her sash preventing her from covering up. She's on her knees jerking them off. They cum all over her exposed breasts and her mask.

Just play innocent.

"Ugh, it's hard to... My eye, see. Watch where you're aiming."

They remove her mask revealing features of her face they're unaccustomed to in that region. The shock exasperates them and they all take a moment to enjoy the view.

Her skin is luxuriously pale compared to theirs, untainted by the searing sunlight. During her long search, her tan lines faded and her skin lightened. Her face brightens up seeing her aggressors turn shy. Smug.

They're on retreat, this will finish them.

"I won't bite. You'll like my pussy-mouth." She sticks her tongue out and doesn't hesitate to strike.

Like a tiger shark corkscrewing around and into flesh of a bloated sea-mammal, she's able to gently service three at once with her mouth exposed now. She swallows one but the other two give into her handjob before she's even done with that.

She's able to subdue them easily.

"Their skill is too low, I'm a bigger slut. Shit, don't." She giggles as a poor mask for the slip.

She's smelly from pleasuring them. Some of their cum shot out along her breasts. "I shamed my slutty body," she was certain she would swallow it all, "I shamed myself," there's no going back, "worst of all, my boyfriend." She's ready to leave.

"Hey, mister, where did you put my mask?" 

No mask. Without that and her gi loosened she looks like a woman half-naked in a silky bathrobe with her bare cum-bleached tits stiff in the wind. There isn't a damn thing left to the imagination. She needs a moment to master her face expression before walking full-blown deadpan body-karate don't-give-a-shit who sees a bitch naked out that room. Her robe flaps behind her.

"Aiieiee-yaaa." She squeals a bit and...

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C4, Scene 4: The Catcher[/size][/u]

She continues on.

She encounters one man in a dark hallway. 

"Another, but you're much prettier than the others. Can you speak?" 

No response.

"I know. I'm too beautiful. You've fallen for me at first sight. Alright, if you're going to just stand there." She attempts to walk past him. 

Glomp!

"My-my chest! Oh! No don't grab. No, don't grab my butt either. Get off."

He pushes her over and falls on her. He's surprisingly light. She puts him in a headlock and easily beats him, physically. But she's feeling quite frisky. She'll see if he feels the same, or was he really angry? 

"You want to stop now right? Ok, I'm letting you up. Pffoo!" He shoves his tongue in her mouth trying to kiss her with a wet smack then a pop as their lips touch. It wasn't so much a kiss as an attempt to shove his ungodly length of bumpy brainy tongue in before her reflex kicked in.

She knees him and throws him to the side. "Ugh. I prefer to put cocks in my mouth." (Ninja girls rule) "What's that? I feel like kissing him again. Come here, big boy. You've got something! Gimme." She puts her lips against his, "mhm, thut ruiht thuur," a tentacle reaches down her throat, the familiar sensation of fellatio causes her to reflexively swallow (Her perversion is beyond measure). Having pleasured someone much more difficult to handle for years, this was just a little amusement for her. She giggled and bobbed her head with a smile in her eyes.

They stand, her passion overwhelming, a large thing caressing her insides. She pushes away, the 'tongue' coated white flips out and then retracts. She runs to the end of the corridor without a word.

[i]What was it?[/i] "He... Men don't have things in their mouth," [i]was my boyfriend holding back?[/i] "I'm dreaming." She's going to have to start checking other places from now on.

Inside the very next chamber are three women. They interrupt her while she's thinking about it. The man she evaded comes up from behind. 

[i]Trapped.[/i]

"Oh fuck!" blurts her blatantly high-pitched voice on edge. Her head was about to go down so far she couldn't pull it out of the proverbial shitter. What she sees there is not so unappealing to her.

Pussy seething wetness (her viewing pleasure), all four have remarkably long tongues. They slide along her body, offering seductively. She gives in and allows their passionate deepthroating kisses. Her clothing slowly comes off from their gentle mysterious touch. She's at the precipice of orgasm and can't fight it. They have her undressed fully with ease.

The first woman who takes her more intimately presses her pale-shaven vulva to the ninja's lips, forcing her head down low. Nin can see a well developed clit and her nose rubs against it.

Like this her ass is exposed to the others. She's only played with it a little, her lover never willing to spend much time there. The shape of the anus muscle has only begun to take on definition.

They probe around her anus and gently touch her glutes.

The first woman orgasms greedily at the deadly kiss. She bites her lower lip and releases herself inside the hot mouth as she feels a small wet tongue try to go in. The pussy juices overflow onto the girl's face who closes her eyes a moment too late. 

[i]Years of sucking dick, and a woman's never aroused my desire, now she's cum all over my face,[/i] the thought trails on while Nin's being repositioned.

Nin is pushed onto her elbows, someone holds her hands together and a heavy weight is on her forearms, tits are in her face. The man slides his erect penis into her. She thinks it's him, and she thinks it's his penis.

He slides himself in and his face rubs against one breast in view. He comes closer to Nin's ear, breathing into it. His tongue starts to probe her ear. His lips graze them and pass by.

"No, you're going to make me cum."

His tongue curves around to enter her mouth. Somehow, his mouth slips around the back of her ear, she can feel his teeth, and she accepts his 'kiss' sucking at the glans before he slides his tongue deeper in. His dick hardens and pumps something into her. He removes his tongue.

A woman has the ninja suck at her clit. The man is cumming in the ninja and she can only furiously scream her orgasm into the vagina of another woman when her face is ground deeper in wet snatch. The woman cums and it's like a torrent of sweet jelly all over the cunt sucker's face.

Unable to see, she feels tendrils creep along tickling her bottom. One enters her anus with surprising ease bringing her to the edge of anal release as if she might cum from the feeling of it. It's too gentle. She was inexperienced and couldn't ask what to do with her butthole so she just let it go. The one on her is sliding along her face until the pussy she just ate out was covering her nose briefly, and then the woman slowly stood granting an enjoyable view of her ass.

Nin's out of breath, but she wants to say something. She tries to breathe faster to catch herself.

They insert their tongues into her vagina, sucking at her clit to make her cum. They do this for hours. She's too worn out by the end, she's left in a sixty-nine position with the male she tried to escape earlier.

After playing with his cock for some time he finally shoots a load into her mouth. He forces her to orgasm with his fat juicy tongue-that-might-be-a-cock shoved in cooch, not unlike his dick, his sperm ended up in her and all over her. 

She wasn't entirely broken. She was aware of it. She had to ask herself a few questions now, [i]How many dicks? How many ways am I getting fucked today? I even had sex with women, how about that?[/i] It's one more thing she can't honestly say she never did before.

She's back home, having sex with her boyfriend. She's in the heat with him, they're sucking on each other's privates. "You've never done this before, how, how are you so good?" she asks.

But the illusion doesn't last. In fact, she's very much aware.

[i]The thick, long, slimy thing can't be my boyfriend's.[/i]

She pulls her head up and her sensitive spot down below sends a shock of pleasure while a wave of cum enters her mouth. Her little face buries into his crotch while she cums. A gush of sperm enters her vagina. 

He's starting to tire out. [i]I'll finish him like this.[/i]

"Again. Do it, again." This... "Mmmmh!"

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C4, Scene 5: Fateful Loss[/size][/u]

The ninja escaped.

Four creatures like scorpions come out to greet her. She's unable to bat them off as they clamber onto her. Her clothes are gone, already removed in her last sexcapade. They have easy access to her slammin' body. The little fucks are like freakish hands squeezing at and pinching. 

One of them mounts on her forehead. From its tail a dripping hot bulbous stinger presented to her, minus the sharp point at the end. It's a dick, this thing's dick is big. 

"The grip of this thing?! Haaa! Urk, gurgle nni," splurt, squelch, throaty noises vocalize from out of her throat at a rapid motorized speed. The thing's fucking so fast she chokes and blurts a strangled orgasm (Yes, orgasm). It cums repeatedly and her throat bulges every few seconds from it flexing the tail inside.

She gets on her knees and one finds her soaked entrance way back there.

[i]My body's holding this position. I'm not trying to... No no... yes. I'm such a fucking whore![/i]

Her mind buzzes and she squeezes her core squirting out some more lubricant. Holding her thigh, it finds the mark and enters her pussy easily. Her attention fixates on it and she makes a minimal effort to push it away, grinding her legs together around it.

One slides right into her anus. The one on her face pulls out, and the jizz exits with it. Her tits and mid-drift are groped, her soft form is unable to resist their strength. A second one latches onto her face and throat and emboldens the first, ejaculating down her throat alongside it.

The silly naked girl finds herself in a different plane of existence once she wakes up, cum-drunk.

What lies in wait makes her sweat with anxiety. She can see everything.

"I'm not going to have sex with," she can't finish. She looks up, seeing something like a Goliath. "I can't have sex with you." He's too far to hear her, but she couldn't be sure without trying. Her vagina runs wet in anticipation, her eyes are tearful.

Her soft naked flesh is pained against the rough floor. The dirt and ground-up rocks form a natural cement paving the paths.

She tries to escape the dimension only to encounter that very beast, its two cocks and unusual form. There's one where it would be expected, and another lolling out a cavernous hollow of its belly.

"Oh no! What if my boyfriend finds out?"

It wrestles her, she can't fight it. It hugs her inside its own body ass first where its hidden magicks lie dormant, penetrating her senses. It grabs her arms and holds them up behind her head forcing her back to arch. She has some time to understand, she will be fucked, and she will enjoy it.

The embarrassing look she has, a smile on her face, and soon expressionless. She's becoming relaxed, waiting for it to happen, nothing she can do or say will change a thing.

[i]Look at me. I'm a sex doll on a rack,[/i] she thinks.

Before she can say it, her mouth goes wide and her senses focus on the probing sensation, wordless. To demand anything from such a force like this was beyond her control. She wriggled but didn't try to fight it.

The strange cocks within its hollow core easily find their way partly inside her and begin a sexual act of slow, careful penetration. "Eh! Ei! Uuh nuu," she repeats an elated noise, betraying her enjoyment.

It cums generously, even at her entrance the stuff entering finds its way deep into her. Something about this was not quite like how she understood a man's stuff worked.

They remain like that for some time, their warmth mingling, she's almost dozing off while bordering on climax. Her eyes roll up while she edges to near orgasms.

Something probes her bringing her back to alertness, widening her asshole every few seconds and her reflex to push it out allows its smooth entry. She feels like she must push it out. Her stomach contracts, then twitches, making her feel sickly for a moment, and then full.

Breathing through her nose for fear of what's coming, a muffled scream comes out and she flexes her stomach. Snaking ghostly tendrils exit her mouth, it feels like her body's completely out of her control.

Her training kicks in. She feels the head of a man's cock (her man) was in her upper sensory region. It was sliding across her tongue. Not intentionally enjoying it, but so good, she calms down, her muscles relax, and with a gulp, she nasally vocalizes how good it tasts, "Mmhmm, mmm!" Then it came out as her lips parted.

The beast slowly slides out of her, the sensation of it grating her bundle of anal nerves.

She sticks her tongue out to lick the head when it touches her lips. She's confused. It grew fatter after exiting, the ridges touched her lips as they passed. She likes this, she likes this a lot.

Something hot in her pussy, not moving, she tries to stimulate an orgasm by rubbing her legs, failing. The head and the tentacle reemerge out her throat slowly. She gives in and enjoys it. It goes back in. It does this for a while, then pulls back a little more.

Her esophagus feels full of thick goop as it slickens, her tongue and drool secreting outside her mouth as bile builds up. It goes down and she reflexively swallows and lets out her approval, "Mmmmm. Good. Goo... ood." Blurk.

A torrent of cum enters her stomach which pours out her mouth after the goops its ethereal cock left is pushed out. It continues to slide out and fills her bowels. Her sphincter repeatedly contracting feels like it's being sucked on while it slides out her anus.

She drools. Cyan, pearl, and white energy pour out down her hanging tongue in creamy viscous diffusions. She's starting to get used to it. She tries to wiggle deliberately and pump her body over it for more stimulation.

She'd praise it for more, but not just her mouth, even her stomach is laden with energies that radiate through her body. It's impossible to stay focused.

Her uterus was undisturbed, allowing her to focus on her anus when she returned to a state of mind. Until, that is, it began a propeller motion inside.

She could feel the vibrations deep into her mother's womb. She thinks of some kind of corkscrewing cock and let her muscles go limp. 

[i]I love it, please don't let this feeling stop,[/i] she can't quite say it, but she thinks it heard her anyways.

In response, the surrounding shifts and it exits her uterus, causing yet another revolt of energies.

Her ass is penetrated, [i]yes, again,[/i] and the object finds purchase in her. It gradually works its way through. It exits her mouth slowly rotating a feeler, more solid than the tendrils which poured into her sooner.

She can't speak, this is it, this is the thing, the thing that it tried to impregnate her with. She watches it twisting around and around, she rolls her eyes mesmerised by that and the sensation, was it lost? It spins a little faster and she feels the edge where it's beginning to spin at. It retracts and the tip of it plays against her tongue.

Her gag reflex kicks in, uncommon for her. The thing pulls inwards ever so slightly tickling her throat, and staying there, repeatedly forcing her to swallow and pushing her open tickling her tonsil.

A thickness stretches her asshole wider, a little wider, until she feels it make it through, the thick bulge resting in her stomach. Her stomach has an obscene roundness to it thanks to this. A gout of cum exits her mouth and the thing in her throat spins faster overcoming her senses. She'll scream again, she might, but her body's trembling, fighting to remain composed.

It then continues sliding deeper down her throat and slowly out. She's continuously gagging and coughing out cum as it stirs her up inside, and releases more of it so she'll have another load ready to exit every few minutes. Until it exits the propeller doesn't stop. It hits her sensitive place at the other side.

The beast lets her arms go and its insides push her out enough, allowing it to grab her hips.

It places her down on the hard ground to rest.

Soon, she recovers. On her knees, she sucks at it. 

That thing it just did to her, at the beginning. [i]Why was it so good?[/i] She can't explain.

It keeps a hold of her head, not quite forcing her. She keeps sucking at it. This is her domain, she asserts. Her thoughts betray her. She hears a disapproving burr. It pushes her face in headfirst. 

It wraps her head in its folds, her neck soon buried inside the creature, still fucking her throat. She moves her arms to grasp and push away until her shoulders slip in and under, worn out. Her arms were pressed into her sides, held fast.

It puts more tendrils out, so much enters into her throat her belly fills. It's squirming around, a new sensation.

Her knees bent her legs and glutes flex in view. It grabs her legs forcing them to expose her ass. The tentacles exit her ass and her legs jerk and twitch. She feels the stuff go down back into her like fire burning through her body. The tentacles retract and her belly fills. 

[i]Again. It's doing it again.[/i]

Its fluids and energy combined spill out of her while she reflexively stops the flow, and relaxes to let it out, relieving her colon. It repeats this a few too many times she eventually stops being able to fight and it feels warm her ass is numb.

How long has it been? She didn't need to breathe, she has it nourishing her directly. She's smiling happily, drunk from the energy it puts into her.

She thinks, [i]I'm tired, but so is... he.[/i]

It starts to chant.

Her head rises to the surface. "You can talk?" she demands, smiling. "What a fucking riot."

Shackles of light grab her, she barely moves, falling to her side. It kneels down and takes her on her side shocking her with bolts of magic energy. The pleasure is indescribable, but the feeling she has towards this thing now. [i]No I can't be thinking that way.[/i] It toys with her like this until it is ready for many more uses of this never-ending fuckable ninja maiden.

She thinks, [i]It won't stop. The stuff it's doing to me, it's not trying. I was wrong. I love it.[/i] "Do more."

It's breeding her again from the seated position, she has a chance to reason, she talks out loud, "I can't do this forever. Oh no, my boyfriend. I've had so much sex. He'll leave me. You can be my boyfriend. Glu-ehk!" Its tentacle exits her mouth, then retracts slowly forcing her to orgasm while she throatily blurts out a moan screwing her face up while expelling its seed.

It goes further in. 

Then, she knew, she must fight for her freedom.

She twists her insides when she feels the next bundle of cum build-up at the base of her spine before it can even start stretching her inside. The interior finished adjusting to allow loads of spunk to nourish her. This causes the tip to reflexively jerk and a short struggle later, it exits her, ruining its orgasm.

She's able to slip out as it seems to lose strength at her sudden show of force, "Naked girls have power, not just sucky. Eh? It's all over me. What have you been putting in me?" The load from its ruined orgasm covers her body, already slimy from it the stuff mixed all around her is a strange psychedelic glowing mixture.

She gets on a rune circle and teleports out, covered in its ethereal jizz, slime, and very seductive energies trailing through her. The immaterial shackles worn off. 

"I'll miss you!" she blurts out, and covers her face. 

[i]Stupid! I'm admitting that?[/i]

She returns to a place where she can rest her mind. She lies on the floor. Her mouth is slightly ajar. She relaxes. She's so blissed out, drool mixed with the remnant of energy pooling below her on the floor. When the glow of magic subsides, her skin and gi are dyed in trippy bluish hues and, over the span of five minutes, the pool evaporates.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C4, Scene 6: She Loses[/size][/u]

"I'm not dealing with the scorpions again."

She escapes past the temptation and gets into a hallway.

Once again, a sleeping man lies. 

"This going to be another horny hung cock, I know it. I better hurry before he wakes up." 

She picks up a sharp sword and admires it. The man is standing up behind her already when she turns. 

"Get back. Heh. I'm armed," she warns. 

So is he.

"I'm serious, I have trained to fight." She was trained.

They clash swords. She knocks him down.

"Everyone else but you has already tapped this ass. What is your problem? Get with the program. Are you impotent?" 

He closes his eyes and a mass of smoky tentacles erupt from his body glowing yellow and green. She tries to get up but is already wrapped.

"Fuck. Fuck. Fuuck me I love swallowing."

She's with her boyfriend, they're passionately making out. He slides his tongue in, and it keeps moving, it hits deeper than that strange beast. (Who? Who's this beast?) He inserts his penis. 

She thinks, [i]This is what it's all about. But I really do enjoy sucking on his cock. [/i]

His penis moves, and she quakes from passion. 

[i]It's coming. It's coming in my mouth, I just have to want it badly enough. I thought he was... in my pussy.[/i]

She wakes up, smoky rivulets exit her eyes and she forces herself off the body of the man. A large cock exits her with a painful sensation. 

[i]When did he?[/i]

It moves like a snake. The cock leaps off the man and tries to penetrate her. She grabs the sword and it latches onto her inner thigh and grinds its barbs straight into her cunt.

No time to think, too late, her orgasm loosens her grip and it goes deep inside. "Oh no." Is she pregnant? She can't force it out, it's going deeper, making her horny. Her eyes glow yellow.

She straightens out, she has confidence, with resolve she takes the man's armor and moves on. Her new cock fills her weakened mind with desires of the fairer flesh.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C4, Scene 7: Decreased Difficulty[/size][/u]

"Game over. They made this encounter too hard. I'm changing the settings."

Having been possessed and failing her mission, she loads an earlier save.

A girl wearing black gi dyed cyan-and-white enters an antechamber. There's something inside.

"A handsome man." 

He's pulsating in yellow energies. She can sense the aura of sheer lust emanating from him. There's nothing else but to ask him, to find out the nature of this temple.

"Hi. I was looking for the little ninja room and got lost."

His insidious gaze is what makes her wet before she can drop a single question. A trail of power whips out and grabs her pussy. She slaps it away. In an instant it has her, a force of energy runs her through and she's on her knees gasping from the immensity of the climax.

It's been too long since she last spoke with her boyfriend. She can't help thinking about him.

He steps closer now. His energy seeps into her. He gently touches her. His one good arm props him above her and smoke comes out of his clothes covering her entirely. She's racked by climax after climax before he even touches her. The sensations of her body letting go, and her senses being violated. The smoke enters her lungs. She passes out.

She feels herself being stripped naked. He whispers into her. What he says she can't hear (she'll remember anyways). He hands her a rune.

She comes to. She places what she held in the tome, it's a sigil of "Illmuire." She pulls up her face mask and exhales smoke. She thinks her underwear is missing. She doesn't smoke after sex, normally.

She finds a very big sword.

"Who the fuck was this thing made for? It's so fucking heavy."

It's so long she doesn't even bother holding it by the handle before dropping it on the floor.

A bunch of guys come in. They each take turns shooting loads onto her masked face until she removes it.

They tie her arms to the sword, behind her back threaded through the pit of her elbows. They cover her exposed face with sperm while she sucks them off. Her body is slowly exposed, more cum gets all over it.

"More. More!"

There's a very large one with a spiky phallic dick. He uses her like a masturbatory aid. The barbs pull at her insides until she thinks he'll pull her inside out.

They rearrange her bondage. They bind her hands together and tie her body to the sword length-wise so it was easy to lift and carry her from both ends.

Another with a spiked cock comes over. His cock is crammed down her throat. They spitroast her, tied to the sword, with their giant cocks, giving her all their seed until she is worn out from climaxes. She's too exhausted to move on, and soon she's covered in fluids tied to a totem-like sword standing on a pedestal.

They turn her to face the flat of the blade with her wrists bound at the hilt above her. From that position they double penetrate her. Two snaking creatures she thought were mere cocks are stirring her insides. One coils up inside her fallopian tubes. The other moves into her intestines.

"Goddamn it?! Fuck! Quick, quick, quick loa..."

She moves on like that never happened. While examining a wall, something latches onto her and inserts itself inside her.

"Fuck my ass!" (literally) she screams, "I juuuuust fuucking diiiied! Ahaha. Oww."

She's able to pull it off, the bulbous tip audibly pops out of her, cum squirting. "Eww. I need to... you know," she hastily evades its next attempt to mate her. Far enough away to feel safe she relieves herself.

Into the next room. Another corridor, not looking where she's going, she runs into "an elegant woman."

[i]Too close,[/i] she thinks. [i]She already grabbed me.[/i]

Both the woman's arms are full of pulsing energy. She encases Nin in smoke and coils of condensed energy. Whispers, promises, pleasure in her ear. The lithe woman is frail looking, and so fine.

Nin won't fight this time, this encounter will definitely defile her like the rest of the things. She...

The woman enticing her lets go of her arms as if to rest. 

"I want it," Nin admits desperately.

She could spend an eternity here, letting her lust overcome her mind.

"No. I can't let you control my emotions. I lied. I... I don't," she stammers, and goes around.

Running past the violating energies, she gets infinitely hornier feeling the gaze of that woman on her.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C4, Scene 8: The Ultimate Pleasure[/size][/u]

She's found the treasure. It looks like a devil. "That's definitely it." 

But it vanishes and a wall cuts off her exit.

[i]!!![/i]

She's immediately sweating from fear.

A group of men and women are entering the room and undressing as if it was required.

"This is our domain," they seemed to be gloating.

"It can be yours if you pay with your body," the strongest-looking one says.

Prepared for anything, having already done things she's never done before, the ninja nods.

They commence. Each one take her orally and shoot wads of cum onto her masked face. She's finally tired of it.

She discards the mask and leans over a pedestal taking them in her pussy. [i]So much sperm,[/i] she doesn't hesitate. There are stronger ones in back.

[i]What are they waiting for?[/i] she wonders.

"Foolish. Do you think you can outlast us?" someone sounded upset.

She was getting comfortable.

She let them know, "You haven't made me cum yet. This is nothing."

The ninja smirks, her past experience comes flooding back, this jizz show was just foreplay in another life.

The stronger ones advance. They pick her up off the pedestal and press her against the barrier roughly. It sends chills causing her body to twist and jerk away.

"Now we're talking," she says, moments before a hand presses her face in.

The shock from the barrier is slight. The women are putting things into her vagina repeatedly.

"Hah, those toys aren't... aren't" — She gets a good look at one 'toy', blood-red, shapely. Anatomically, they were — "dicks."

One after another they take turns cumming into their bound ninja sex-slave.

"They certainly are (dicks)," one of the fuck-cult women says with a look of laughter in her eyes. "Now, cum while screaming." A very thick ribbed cock drags along Nin's clit before inserting inside her.

"Hu Hu. This is one of those dick monsters," Nin is not impressed but she's getting worried just how far this is going to go.

The one fucking her leans closer, and tries to turn her voice ugly despite the beauty on her face, "Glory to Ze-he-kruk." She slaps the tight little ass as it flexes around her cock, and jackhammers her ninja toy until it makes a sweet sound from its parting lips.

Nin's mouth is open, breathing, her face and hair are pretty screwed up. They rest against the force field sweatily until the big throbbing cock is milked by her.

The cultist angrily pillow-talks while fucking, "Take this seed you stupid slut. Fucking shit. You bitch." She breathes in deeper. Her dick's coming out. "Slippery cunt."

"Tired?" Nin asks.

Despite that, Nin waits until the cultists have all left before moving.

Nin gets up, a trail of cum leading from her sore behind to the pedestal. Her gangbang orgy seems to have ended.

A creature emerges from the air. It's a seething muscular beast with a huge neck, its sweat vaporizing to a fog of vapor.

The girl has to get a hold of herself. "He's a bonafide beefcake." She looks lower, expectant. Something's there, but his anatomy is beyond her understanding. 

"What a big pony you are."

The giant easily overpowers her with a single arm. She's unarmed, just her body against his. He guides her to a pedestal.

His two horse-sized cocks emerge from sheaths. He inserts them halfway with no resistance. She completely desires it.

"Were you waiting? The women just now, you could have joined in. I could have used some help earlier. What are you doing?"

He straps her to his waist and gets on all fours. His intent on balls-deep penetration is resisted by something inside her. This really does resemble a woman being taken by a horse.

[i]And he has two horse cocks? Shit,[/i] she can't wait.

She has nothing to do but enjoy every moment. He puts a finger in her mouth and makes a shushing sound, and then places something instead of his finger in her mouth to prevent her from asking any more.

Her vocabulary was reduced to grunts, shrieks, and guttural ululations. Red power begins flowing out of the hulk, her muscles work overtime taking the force of him. The only thing that concerned her was that she was probably ten feet off the floor when he stood up to fix her straps holding her against him. His ballsacks sag and feel wet against her legs as the enormous dicks bore into her slowly, distending her belly.

He rocks her, sliding the two pistons in and out, then picks up the pace until she's bouncing. Her tits, not so big, her ass, well trained by now, her pussy raw and stretched from the girth of him.

He puts her back on a pedestal. Now she will try to push back. She thrusts herself along the shafts only to feel her strength wain. He takes over plunging into her womb, further than any man would be allowed. She tries to cast a spell but the thing in her mouth garbles the spell.

[i]Heh, fucking hindsight,[/i] a spell would have saved her, she thinks. [i]Oh this could have gone much differently.[/i]

For several minutes, the only thing coming out of her mouth was muffled screaming as he picked up the pace, her entire body moving against her will and the energy pouring into her.

He makes a gutteral grunt of satisfaction and hefts her in the air. They move over to the barrier.

[i]Fuck this. Fuck you,[/i] she wanted to say.

He removes the object from her mouth, but not until she was an inch from contact. The force of her body pressed down stretches the barrier like a net, and as he cums into her the force makes cum exit her mouth onto the magic wall.

She tips her head up because the semi-solid form of a wall was reflecting the cum as it exited her mouth.

Now her neck and tits are pressed against a solid object sending ticklish shocks into her as the cum pours down, sliding along her bare naked body. Some gets on her face and hair from this new angle. It wasn't her fault, she wouldn't waste a drop. It's just, so much.

He releases her bondage and grabs one of her arms, holding it behind her back while he vigorously pumps, all the while a sustained pressure of cum flows through her and out her until he's finished.

[i]Have I become a living fountain? This must be what a living fountain feels like.[/i]

He places her on the floor.

She recites a healing chant and it recovers her strength.

"Good spell. My energy is back. Maybe I can fight or..."

He picks her back up.

"Fuck."

He swallows her feet first, just like that.

Slowly sinking down the watery cavernous gullet of the thing she can see nothing but a pool of liquid-like saliva she was about to submerge into. The air in her lungs escapes her as she feels its insides wrap around her even tighter.

Things inside it wear her legs out, too fast, and something enters her pussy and ass. "Again, I'm getting fucked again. I can't do anything," she breathlessly says. She can't convince herself it was unwanted though. Her shoulders slip under and something plays with her breasts. The ticklish sensation gives her a start and she sinks under not with a cry for help but a giggle.

She gets fucked gently for a while. Things go in her mouth. Something's filling her lungs with a breathable substance. She eventually sleeps.

She wakes up inside him. She emerges from his maw and utters a primal cry as wet and frothy cum exits her foamy mouth. He regurgitates her, his spit and foaming cum pour out. The inner workings of him emerge momentarily still gripping her soft tits and encircling her body. Something like saliva is coating her. She's helped down to the floor gently.

Cum shoots out her asshole and vagina when she finally relaxes. Her body quickly recovers thanks to the energies running through and spells enchanting her.

Relieved, she thinks, [i]done.[/i] The reward?

The hulk holds her shoulders. He's so strong.

Her small shoulders fit in his big hands. His head faces her face. He lifts her up like a doll and cups her breast with the mouth that swallowed her. The suction from it. He plays with her nipples.

His tentacles come out to play and her face is pressed into his mouth, his erect cocks support her body. He fingers her butt and squeezes, coveting every last sensation from her body for his enjoyment.

He shoves her face partly into his mouth. A deep kiss, very deep, the stuff inside fucks her mouth like a pussy. He fingers her clit bringing her close.

[i]No no, too deep. It's too deep it's just like.[/i] She's having a moment of realization that she was nowhere near done.

One of his things emerges out her ass, resembling a big fat mushrooming dickhead growing out of her butt.

[i]Stupid ninja. I can't believe you.[/i]

He attempts to pull back but the blooming head prevents re-entry, so the man slaps her ass to make her let go. Not happening. Instead, they keep going at it like this until he pulls her back into his mouth headfirst.

Her face was directly against the spot that serviced her vagina and ass before. There is something forcefully grabbing her face and playing with her nose.

Only her ass and his ejaculating dick stick out while he grips her. He fingers her pussy and works her glutes with his fingers until she's sore and red. The swelling dick can finally relax and make its course out.

He's very satsified, she passed the test. [i]For now,[/i] the horse-like man thinks.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C4, Scene 9: The Ultimate Treasure[/size][/u]

Nin sees there's a pedestal with a green angel-devil with a forked tongue that seems to be stimulating its own clit and a tail. The other two are empty. She starts to reach for it.

"My little sex-ninja. We'll be able to endure centuries if you come to me," a man's voice took her by surprise, 

She turns to the sound, "You're my lover. What happened? Are you... dead?" 

[i]What is his name anyways? Forget-nin,[/i] she unintentionally smiles at the thought and gets embarassed.

He shakes his head.

Why'd he shake it? Did he see how many guys she just laid? She's a little scared now.

He elaborates, "Shit happens. I fucked a girl. She banished me to this plane of existence. It's not important. Look, bitch, here's the deal, we can't have that. We can stay the fuck right here, we'll be dank together yo."

[i]That two-timing...[/i] She wants to laugh at the situation they're in now. He wanted this and now he's singing a tune of another kind of treasure. And she likes it.

She goes for him immediately without hesitating. She manages to say, "Oh please. Yes. I've felt loved beyond measure recently. You're my forever, daddy," before shoving her face into him.

His cock slips into her mouth after she rubs it, nice and hard, her tongue wraps around the shaft, the familiar feeling of him. She's a complete masochist anyways. A familiar thing like this can't scare her. He told her, her big mouth was good for two things. The sexcapade he sent her on playing in her mind. They're bound to this place. He'd find out eventually. The others will back to fuck sooner or later. She goes deep for him.