Continuing from pink alignment
Ugly Bastard Smashes a Deep One

[u][size=115]Air-swag[/size][/u]
The man reading in the study stops and says, "Oh wow. Oh, I felt that."

He rubs his butt, fully returning to his senses.

"That ninja. I want to meet a woman who takes dick like that," he says, "but it's definitely fictional at this point."

He thinks, [i]The daydreams are so vivid, I thought it really happened for a moment.[/i]

The ebb of his precum makes it difficult to concentrate and his eyes return to the pinup and the statue.

She's not bad, but so old-fashioned.

He walks to the statue and fucks her mouth while looking at the picture. It's nothing but a need to release, and it was over.

Now, he has a dilemma. He thinks about reading and potentially being screwed again in his imagination in so many ways, or give up the search. On the plus side, he's getting magic spells, libido, and swag out of thin air. He can't explain how amazing he's felt. That's pure win.

Traversing the mansion in search of the next chapter, he finds a stuck closet and breaks it down.

"I've been missing this booty," he says while picking up that trashy new page full of air-swag.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=130]Chapter 5, Title: The Lurking Horndog[/size][/u]

[u][size=115]C5, Scene 1: The Libidious D[/size][/u]

Dread Witch chants one, two, three, four, "Ze-he-kruk" and a portal just big enough to view a big eye staring back at her opens up.

She monologues a bit, "The mortals are doomed, they're not going to make it in time. A pillar of flesh has been erected. The cum lord is impotent. I've had my fill breeding women. The world is like a big pussy ready to be fucked. Within mere days, your guardians build the gape you will enter." 

Zeth, he's speechless, she thinks, [i]I'm totally going to have sex with Zeth.[/i]

"My liege," she says, "may I partake of thy essence?" She raises an eyebrow.

Something pokes through the portal and she greets it with her face, toothful mouth open. It pokes her head and shoves her back like a little puppy.

"Uhn! So rough. Now take me..." The portal is off. "He dispelled it?" She touches her forehead.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C5, Scene 2: Chauvinism[/size][/u]

A very ugly man is smoking weed and writing stuff down with a quill and ink.

"Hhhhhh. I hate my new mansion," he narrates his writing. "The only satisfaction is all the beautiful frolicking women inside need to pay exemplary good manners. What a pile of garbage.

"My forefathers were horse breeders, if they were out of line, the women would have been bound and screwed in public.

"Before that, we were great at trapping wild animals.

"Binding women to the will of my kin is only natural. I will revive the old tradition. In time, this mansion will be my new home.

"Shit! What is that racket?"

A noise startles him, so he pulls out a powder and wanders about.

"One is never too sure what wild beast is trying to eat the mutton I've been gathering."

There's a man dressed like a common butler near the fireplace muttering about his difficult work.

The ugly man stoops and starts crooning at the working gentleman, "You stupid piece of shit I'm going to fire you and eat your fucking head. Eight women, that's how much your salary is worth. Eight who'll do the job just as well as you, you stupid shit. Get your ass in gear I swear. Mark my word boy."

Nobody seemed to care.

He finds a woman in a bunny suit dusting the stairs balcony. "Look at her fucking tiny waist. I swear she needs to put on some weight, scrawny little piece of ass. She's probably never been touched in years, cobwebs, heh, hheheehehehEnigma. I'll fix her right."

His mind wanders and he starts OCD sorting shelves and touching the walls.

"I found this book. It's dank. Heavy stuff. Disgusting. Filthy. Holy fuck!" He finally read it and the ugly man gets an erection. "The power!"

He takes the nearest maid to his bed chamber and has passionate erotic conquests with her he never fathomed.

"Did you know oil slathered on a woman's anus was superior to a lamb's intestine? I never knew, until now." But he wasn't going for that.

Her quim is as tight as a bean and the power of the book makes him hard enough to split a piece of wood through its knothole. He was going to seed her. Her lovely legs in stockings are so scrumptious, he keeps one hand on her legs squeezing the thick thigh and feeling her calves. When he cums he takes out his powder breaks it creating a loud snap which makes her startled and wring his cock dry.

"Silly rabbit. You're supposed to run when the hunter seeks you out. You've just pulled him in closer."

It's a funny notion to her. While her heart is in flight she makes with the banter, "Why master," giggle "I am but a young doe in need of your vigor and charity. The nobles here stir us dreadfully, but you have power below your belt. Do it more. You haven't touched my hiney, but you make my legs tender my lord. Use me like you want to ruin my body."

He wishes to impregnate this doe. Her bunny ears are cheap plastic and wire. He turns her over. Her little bunny tail is wool. He grabs her butt, pressing his fingers down stretching her anus. He lets his hips knock against her and her ass fights his grip. He gives her his sire. He gets her to curl up her legs and her pelvis practically scoops his ballsack. He feels the tip of his cock touch her cervix while holding her down before he finally admits it should end.

Out of breath, the ugly old man takes a moment to finish each word. "Go. Tell the others I'm on the prowl. Tell the men... Seven more bunny girls. Uhh. Eight. Heh. HeheheEnigma." He falls asleep snoring.

The one reading this stops momentarily because that conquest he felt a deep connection with this old, disgustingly grotesque villain if he ever saw one. "Did he read the whole tome? Shit. I need to get me some more." He continues reading about his great uncle.

The nasty old man awakes with a start. He hears some rummaging noises. A burglary? He rubs some babypowder on his hands and takes a fistfull of cocaine." Fuck I'm going stuff this down their throat." Like his Jhonson, it's good for one shot. "Whatever demon or devil awaits thou, I'll have at thee."

He finds a letter. It reads: 'Find me and you can fuck me.'

This is some kind of silly game, isn't it?

He finds more notes: 'Do what you want with me; My ass is yours.' The image of a woman being robbed and tied to train tracks by a villainous man sporting an evil laugh flashes through his mind. Whom is the damsel who wishes to be in distress while he ransacks her loins and pilfers her shameful woman pocket (the mammery cave)?

So he speaks loudly, "Whatever trollop is playing this cruel game, come here, and I'll make you cry for mercy at the crack of my belt." That ought to do.

He keeps wandering.

"Good evening milord."

He nods to the speaker thinking, is it her? There's a woman dusting a large painting, her hiney is quivering beneath the tight cloth. What a splendid mother she'd make, he'll have them all like the first. She just has to play along. Turning these does into mothers wouldn't only make him feel happy, they would be complete then.

"Excuse me miss."

She stops momentarily but continues working, "Yes lord?"

"It's customary to stop what you're doing to speak when spoken to. Not only that, you have something for me... don't you?" 

He walks over and feels up her inner thigh rudely. She stops what she's doing. He moves her buttcheek to try and see up into her crevices. She must have shaved, she must have. Only a tuft of hair is hiding a thick nightcrawler of a slit, her anus is too deep in to peer up into.

He lets go and moves on.

"Find me and fuck me, the letter said, who wants to get fucked is the question. Who's telling me she wants to be fucked?"

There's a large window at the end of the hall. He stops briefly to admire it and opens it. Then in comes the largest donger— He discovers a letter. He has a sharp sensation in his groin, his erection is boiling with pain a moment later. He scratches at it through fabric and it feels swollen and bumpy. He must return to that woman and impregnate her, she'll cure him of his painful sin.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C5, Scene 3: The Pillow Bride[/size][/u]

He enters the main foyer with the large stairs. He feels sweaty, he needs to bequeath his trollop of the sin he carries, and then slap her ass for good measure.

"What's that, a singing woman?"

There's a lovely noise coming from somewhere. He seeks her out, sure it's a she, he must see.

Lo and behold, a beauty, she's voluptuous, not dressed like a servile bunny mate, untilled like the soils of yore. A well-bred harlot with a broad furred coat, her status woven in cloth. Singing the same phrase repeatedly, and abruptly stopping.

"Who are you?" She asks while startled.

She stops singing and stands up, pressing herself in where two walls meet to appear as small as possible.

She's not quite normal in the head, is she? This is his mansion, and her spells have worked on its master. What did she expect? Her breasts, they're so generous, large, soft looking. He'd have his children suck on them and grow fat. I must suck on her tits to try what it's like. Sampling the goods is what men were for, why not? He gropes at her even as she shies away. Undressing her, her armpits are bare beneath the coat, her dress style is something obscene barely covering the curvature of her breast from the side. She eventually gives in, looking around like she's concerned someone will see. He's got his hands in some serious mommy mammery, and milk they may indeed have in store. His face presses deep into her pillowy milk sack, the head of her teat pressed against his tongue, he coifs the milk within. Her large round areolae feel very resilient tickling his lips, demanding he draws deeply from the reservoir within her.

His swollen penis escapes his pantaloons.

Her hands are gently stroking his penis while she talks to him, "Se', your pisse' is possessed. I can't possibly frick wit' you."

She's turning him down? A half-hour of groping and sucking and feeling her areolae later she's too aroused to deny any longer and gets against the wall to hide her swollen ducts from his voracious thirst. He holds his pecker, it's very sturdy, bigger than he was used to. It felt more jagged and bumpy than he remembered, hard as bone.

The head presses against her rear, not immediately finding the mark. Dear, you have put a spell... He can't get it out. He applies more pressure to the shaft towards her vulva, deliberately avoiding her shithole, there's a sheath over her clit it's fucking annoying, he wants to pull it away with a finger. Your spell has worked on the master, and his .... He can clearly see her anus has some hairs, not like his servants smooth beckoning entrances. His penis seems far too bumpy, far too stiff like... it's been possessed, indeed. Like he'll possess her any moment.

The head finally enters her quim. "Ah, you fucking whore take it down to the base and prepare to receive my mana of life."

She doesn't respond and only lets out noises.

He understands, she must be enjoying it, she's had some time to prepare. It took forever just to get in.

The hair surrounding her vulva tickles his balls. The ribs of his rigid tool find purchase on her insides. Every moment of agonizing bliss is a struggle to enter one more finger of length. Her insides stretch to the girth of him. He depth has tried, and given a valiant but failing effort to keep him from reaching her womb, a force pulls him in deeper.

"No, no se'. Pull it out. I can't take it awl."

What's this now?

"Stupid whore. We will experience crisis together any moment. Don't se' me until you felt it."

She stammers to plead her case, "But, inside me is... Ya can't cum, I'm carryin' hur power."

Indeed, he can feel power brimming. He begins speeding up pumping, her insides pull at him, and they both shut their mouths until the end of the torment, with the unbearable sensation of urgency wracking their senses. The crisis floods out of him and inside her, at first a sense of relief, then like a hose that's spigot has been left open causing him to let out a ghastly noise. Finally, with some shudders of pleasure his ballsack runs dry. Unexpectedly his penis remained lodged, stiff as a wooden switch and tearing into her raw cunt with a haggard woman bleating at the other end.

"Terrible wench. Stop coddling my loins like a tasmainr'in devil and begone. I won't respect the sight of thee until thy birthright given to me is't nie."

He believes his pillow talk has never been finer. Her blushing buttocks, he swipes her right quite offhanded to leave a mark. Her blushing face seems to agree, he swipes her left buttocks just right to see her anus for a moment. He pulls out, a sound of velcro tearing apart, he loves that. Her scream and trembling at the noise just made his desire for her increase. The process of removing such a stiffy, suctioning, and the prickly things, it proves tiresome as well as enthralling with the sensations of pleasure mixed in. Like a dream she, pregnant as the day he imagine she'd birth his child, hands him a blue rune and whispers, "e'hr'ke, it's spelled like Yakre." She messed up the pronunciation as usual. She was also breathing harshly from what he'd just done and looked pretty out of it.

She's with child, it can't be any other way.

He wakes up.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C5, Scene 4: The Sewer Trail[/size][/u]

"What's this on the wall?"

The best sex of his life. He observes the wall he and that busty broad were rubbing against for the past few hours, thinking at first it was an oil stain. It had the trigram marking of runic magic like he read in his arcane journal.

He takes the ciphers and recites a chant revealing a door. "There's a basement here, beside the stairs? Who, what? Nonsense. Terrible architect. Idiocy. Buffoonery." He goes down to see what curios where hidden in the working.

A strong-looking man and a very fit woman are having sexual congress, their sloppy kisses and squelching noises fills the basement as their hips clap.

He avoids talking with them and watches. Not long ago, that might have been him. A stranger chatting him up while he performed his robbery of that woman's quim would have lessened the mood.

They seemed to hear him anyways, their pace slowing until they began to speak in unison. "Join us. Join us." They call.

Young and generous lovers, he thinks, there's nothing attractive about another man's sweat.

They continue vigorously fucking when he clearly lacked interest or initiative to romp.

The man's ballsack slaps against her after each squelch of her honeypot, a filmy fluid emits coating his shaft. The vile form observing such passion, he thinks of machine oil, pistons in an engine block, the force of his powder firing, the searing heat in his palms after the flash of light, and the compressed air making a crash. It's a completely natural, tender act. The man strangles his lover in the tender act, the couple reaching crisis of lost reason. Her neck noticeably flexes to fight, and she's enjoying it. Their veins are sticking out, neck and forearms, there's a crunch from their muscles and tendons snapping and popping.

Such wicked deeds men must do to please the one they're with. He sighs and looks for some reason to be here.

There's an open well. The ugliest crankiest filth you ever saw climbs down.

There's some kind of girlish thing there, what an incredibly thin back. He starts measuring her as a prospect, like a plot of land, she's disgusting, small, not womanly at all. Although her curves suggest an elongation brought on from full adulthood, so, she could be fertile.

She spots him and clambers over and what he mistook for a belt too long for her waist flicked up, revealing a lifelike wire of tail. How quaint, it's an old trick. She turns around and displays her naked cunt, the tail curling and seemingly drawing his attention back to the same place repeatedly. The oldest trick in the book.

"Vile little wretch, I have not a shilling for thee, if—" then he finishes by spitting at her rather than getting out another word.

"Sir. I offer my quim for but a trist. And, perhaps a dollop?"

He didn't bring any food or water along, this wasn't a long journey. She's a hungry urchin.

She opens her mouth and sticks out her tongue, ass still directed at him. His penis reacts expectantly, against his own desire, his cold hard logic remains adamant. She offers herself again by raising her butt higher like a woman to be bedded, or a cat in heat.

He sneers, "I've had women, you're not a woman, you're not even worth looking at. A pox on thee, scoundrel. Naught reveal thine hind or quim or it shall be batten with my scabbard." He reveals he has a metal scabbard and then sheaths it, a little startled at the feeling of his pulsating prick. "I have no quarrel, but should ye try my patience my untrained arm will have skill." This doesn't seem to dissuade her and she shoves her butt out, pulling it open with her fingers and looking back. Ugh atrocious luck, she won't leave without payment, so he'll give her what she's earned. "I canst stay mine hand longer. May God have mercy on this scum in mine basement." He removes the sheathed sword from his belt and bonks her bony ass once gently with the rounded metal sheath. Her garments are scarce, they cover her upper body, but her tail seems true. He smacks it, it smacks back. "What the... you're really an abomination." Her tail seems to agree curling imperceptibly, like a real tail, slightly playing with her quim.

He unsheathes the scabbard, she doesn't turn. His dick betrays him and erects to full length pulling his cotton shirt taught and straining against the belt he wore.

It has a mind of its own I swear, I will not frick this no matter what, "I will destroy your buttocks, and then my girth will destroy your anus, or you will leave now!"

He only waits a few seconds before switching her butt with the back of the sharp blade. Smack! She starts with a jump at the first sting of hard metal, then she makes whiny noises, and soon her juices flow out her backside like the Pavlov dogs he read about in recent journals.

"My dear. Your ass is splintering with bruises. Let this continue and my cock will splinter your festering hind asunder." Dear lord! She'd die should I strike with either my dinger or steel. She bounces with anticipation. "Greedy little harlot. Scrub. Cum-rag. How many years have thee?"

She catches her breath to respond, "Plenty years lord. I've given birth and seek to be with child again. Should you bring me something to eat, I'd be a good mother."

Absolutely repulsive sewer trash. But his libidinous conker is thwacking, and his prostate is swelling at the prospect of such vile debauchery. "Ah fuck. Ah-fuck." He exclaims dropping the sword. He undoes his belt and slides it out of the loops. He cracks the belt against a wall to see his petulant temptress's resolve to slave herself to the bone before he gives into her. He must see. She only glistens with anticipation. How can he witness such devout submission to his will without plunging his steel into her? Here, beside the foundation of the mansion in the proverbial gutter of it.

He gets down on his knees to penetrate her. She's not very big. Her quim accepts the head of his pecker with a light blep and she intones her appreciation. Further, further, his strange tool pays her the due of Dickins. It has its hooks finally in and he pulls back to feel it catch on her insides. A brief memory of fishing. She moans and her inner walls grip. She moves, only a little, but it catches more of his wicked prongs and the more she struggles or giggles with glee her motion forces him deeper. She seems to regret only momentarily crying out as he's forced far enough it plants the opening of his cock into the opening to her womb. Her contracting and pained movement cause her to ovulate and hold him in harder. He's above her, so his head's above hers, he moves to the side so he can see her mouth better, it's open no doubt focused on the sex she lost control of not a moment ago. The head of his cock swells and her intone breaks as she extolls a cry of surprise repeatedly, her cervix is being forced open, and the head of his dipper enters, the moistness of her wetting his crotch. He moves now, feeling the tip of his cock being rubbed by her broken cervix. Would he pull out now, she'd be ruined. He gives a gentle try, only managing to pull out of her womb before she wriggles in agony. They move gently fucking until he's about to burst. He slaps her ratty ass and gets up to screw her hard and cum. She unexpectedly forces him back into her womb from what must have been a spontaneous muscle contraction. Indeed, she reaches crisis making a strangely unfitting noise like she's laughing. He is certain the amount of womb fucking and the way he came would be the end of her, but she fought to keep him in as he gently extracted his ever-beating heart from her.

He has to consider, if she would try him again. His size ensures he would overpower her in such an incredible turn of events should she try to force mate with him. Instead, she puts a finger to her secondary hole, the one he swore only whores, harlots, and poor beggars would offer him. So, she's just an urchin living in his sewer after all.

Her persistence overwhelming him. Was she daft? He puts it into her asshole to grant the pain she wishes.

She made the most horrible noises at all times. Whenever he attempted to console her or offer to stop she locked a distrustful, deathly glare with her huge rounded eyes as if to ask why he wasn't ruining her more. He had nasty plans, his belt could mar her skin, she could be publicly humiliated. The pleasure of the act clouds his mind, his loss in the throe of passion. Finally, the defeated embrace took them together. His load overflows as he extracts from her, the jags and prong of his shaft giving her even more reason to sound happy. A quantity of his sperm runs in a strand from her anus to the tip of his cock and the unfinished load spends onto her backside like the webs of a large spider.

He casts recovery magic and toils, it's time to move on. Try not to dwell on this failure to deny even an inch of his masculine essence to this scum.

She spoke up, "Sir, take this," she says innocently holding out a token of some kind.

'Twas another valuable rune from his codex, he was sure. But what is she doing with it? She couldn't be the one who wrote those letters, right?

"Thank ye. I don't know why anyone would wish to be a toilet, but if I need to piss I'll grant you the dollop you wish." He says and pockets the rune.

She pulls down his pants, his throng of desire boldening despite finishing earlier. With a giddy curve of her lips, she lets out her laughter.

Calm enough to speak normally, "A toilet," she says then she sucks a dollop from him, swallowing it before it can overflow her lips. She cleans her own cum from his shaft.

He thinks he can do one more and holds his belt around her neck supporting her. Her tongue out, fingers touching her lips, he fucks her stupid face until he shoots a load onto her toilet mouth before leaving. Did she believe she could live off a man's cock and balls?

Was this some farce to get into the mansion? Either way, he'll return to see if her pregnancy takes, she's his pet now.

(She's a rat, you're going to have rat kids)

She even thirsts for his cock like a woman without anything to lose. 

(She's a toilet, did you see her smack her lips? She never tasted better, she probably can't cook or clean)

He fixes his pants and imagines fashioning her a leather collar, walking her through the street to show off her disgraceful body, her belly with child, have her naked and shame for all to see, and his penis cried to be in her as he carried himself away.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C5, Scene 5: The City that Exploded[/size][/u]

He stood and stared into the distance, "What is this lunacy, an underground place rivaling the greatest architects in recorded history? A city with buildings taller than the monuments of New York, San Francisco, Paris, or London. Buildings, taller than the Egyptian pyramids, taller than any man ever built." He almost wished his eyes decived him in that moment. "Giant curved spires loom above them still. There's no such thing that could hold the weight." A pillar of light is illuminating the depths. "What kind of power... how is it possible? Is the mansion above a convergence, the spirit of creation, was it built by the almighty Himself?" He decides to go deeper, he must see it up close.

He stands at an entrance. From the gates to it, he can see within a city as overwhelming below as above.

A gentle voice from behind. One, two... seven-step enchantment. A chantress, no doubt like his blushing bride, pleasing his ear. He turns to look at her. He's wrong, he thinks, not a woman meets his eye, a nymph, her facial features too smooth to be a mere mortal. Nose, eyelids, ears protrude, hair from her head like a crocheted doll, no eyebrows, smooth skin, impossibly smooth, not too unlike a woman of this time. Quite pleasing to look at, aesthetic, ageless. He tries comparing her to the last few female creatures he's met. This one has mysterious structures throughout her visible to the naked eye. The crudeness and raunchiness of the human body is lost when all its pits and pigmentation are perfectly designed.

She turns into something entirely translucent, a specter. He conjectures as he observes her. Is she shy? She lofts beside him before mostly solidifying. Oh! Perhaps it's her mode of transport.

He can see much better now. Her translucent skin is dabbled with red flecks, her eyes are white, under her skin, the muscle is clear and pink, she has freckles on her face and down her arms. Her pure white legs are smooth with sanguine veins like melting butter and honey mixed in.

She begins another seven-part enchantment, finishing. He feels his strength sapped. He sits. She gently glides her body over him. The rippling muscles under her skin tell another story, they work incredibly hard, their size and her frame don't look like they were created with gravity in mind. Her feet are decidedly incapable of producing movement despite their human-like appearance. "Exoskeleton." He forms the words with his lips, memorizing parts of her skin are not creasing. The hard points are slightly more opaque, the reflection is like a shell from the ocean, perhaps she is a missing link from Earth's Cambrian period of evolution, somehow surviving through to this modern era. A pale pink goddess from Atlantis, that's what he thinks, frail-looking not meant to be here, yet so energetic as her nymph-like appearance implied.

She feels him all over, not forceful enough to move him or ruffle his shirt.

"Are you to show me the afterlife, all I could hope for, everything beyond my imagination?" He asks.

She nods, and she works as carefully as possible kissing him from head to his lips, down to belly figuring out the mechanisms of human cloth to fully disrobe him. Surprisingly sensual despite how uncertain and quickly she moved. She goes along with her eyelashes flitting up and down, getting him excited the further down she looks. Both of their breathing increases.

She's excited too, he's feeling very happy to see her like this.

She stops and sits up with her inner thighs clenched holding onto him like a horse rider digging stirrups in. She rubs her own skin in hand from her hips to her breasts, which are surprisingly soft-looking, even moreso than it would seem possible. Her skin creases easily like her body is a type of dough warping around her fingers and springing back into shape. Despite their modest size, her breasts are humorously shaped, very generous, sticking out too far, it's like gravity meant nothing.

He smiles hard, restraining his delight to try not to offend her. When she touched them they moved easily letting her hand completely pass unhindered. Were they even there?

Her eyes flit away and double back before connecting with his again, as if he surprised her. She maintains intense focus and rubs her tits together from her seated position and lets them hang down close to his face. It's difficult to tell there were breasts there at first, but thanks to her deliberately provocative display of masturbation he can see the gloss of an outline as her fingers smear them around like warped air balloons. The protruding red nipples are the same color as her red flecked skin, the light along the surface is only barely displaying the curvature but he can figure out what he's looking at. He could compare it to a soap bubble but the comparison falters as her breast quickly restores its shape when her hand leaves, it has some sense when her hand goes directly through, like it decided not to be solid one moment, and corrected the error a moment later.

She has all the telltale signs of a horny maiden, desiring him, the signals she's sent are quite strong.

A soap bubble is the best he can think to compare her form. Even if he never laid a single hand on her yet, he became fearful she's be blown away at a touch after seeing the display. He'd pass straight through her like non-newtonian material displacing her insides. The crude raunchiness of the human sex is lost when the breath and smells from her are so subtle, they can't be perceived any more than ambient noise. The sex appeal of danger. The Darwinism of coupling with lesser humans. Sex was meant to be so horribly degrading it was a feat you survived, not a treat.

He almost can't bring himself to allow the act. It's like fucking The Madonna. He helps her remove his pants exposing himself. At first, she practices moving her mouth muscles. She goes through a range of expressions and stops on some he likes. He starts to think she's imitating women.

She does one such pose and lets out a cry, and gets louder.

Her behavior startles him! A woman in crisis, like he's already brought her to the fucking edge without them even starting.

"Did you just?"

A smile with her bottom lip slipping down a little too far, and if he couldn't tell what direction her eyes were looking, her eyelids suggest it was up into the back of her head at that moment. She almost passes for a human.

She glides, like her legs aren't even working, he look above her for strings. Her body moves to lubricate his erect cock. Then unexpectedly she slides down so far her face touches it, her arms against his chest. He can see her face, from this angle, it's a lecherous look she has, he's seen this look in the mirror. Her mouth widens and then shuts, teasing to view, and not yet touching.

She plays, her hand is surprisingly solid when she grabbed his dick just now. She's keeping a look of satisfaction on her face, very satisfied, she likes this. Then she has a smile like 'the girl next door' kind of innocence, pearly white teeth, pearls, maybe even literal ocean pearls. Her lips are so unusual, he can't see them well in the lighting, her mouth so wide, his penis next to them like she's just fancied a very tasty treat and she was joyously expressing her desire to have it all.

After salivating for some time, letting her drool cover her lips, he can see their fullness a little better, a diva's lips. She forms them like a circle, the image of a woman looking for a kiss, and she puts his tip against them. Despite the bony, pronged appearance of his dick, the head is still quite ample and bulbous, so it looks exactly how you might imagine.

He feels his lower muscles contract and swell, he has a sense of longing for her sweet face.

Instead of performing the promised fellatio after teasing so long she tilts back pushing her breasts up around his jagged phallus. It's like her breasts move right around it, barely exerting solid force, then once it's between them, the look of his engulfed member is deceptive because of how little pressure there was.

She plays with her tits, his dick betwixt, then one globe of aether glides straight over, no, more like it went around, his cock going straight through. Despite not lubricating, it's smooth as satin. He feels himself slip into her folds. She squeezes the erect nubs and stretches them then puts her elbows up flattening her breasts around his cock. A string of saliva drips down from her mouth to his prick and her tits slip down away as she releases, her body lofting upwards.

He repositions so his dick is next to her face. The promised oral. She should understand how he felt.

She turns and offers a second kiss, watching him right up until her lips touch it.

Until now this all played out like a burlesque, and he thought it was going to be over, her sheer presence subduing his primal nature. He's just a toy. He's putty in her hands. Such an amazing thing like this isn't possible.

She's turning in the air. Her upper lip passes over and the circle encloses around. The tip of his cock is squeezed as they meet around it.

Fuck, it's tight.

Breaching the morality of what was permissible by pushing through the threshold. Fucking that tight asshole was comparable, and he didn't have to even make the decision, it was all done to him. He can't compare this woman to that rat, he's not doing that.

She comes to a kneeling posture. Her face contorts like she's trying to add suction and then she pumps up and down, only along the tip of the head of his cock. She speeds up, fast, it's too intense and the fixation on his sensitive spot rather than the base of the glans is unbearable, urging him to push it deeper. Was she pressing her tongue against the tip? The sensation was agonizing. He jerks his back and tries to thrust upwards but the force and control of her, her serene face eyes closed overcome his urgency, for just a moment. His cock spasms, unable to fully reach crisis but the nerves demanding action from the unusual touch, he can't hold still and his legs and back move. Her lips slide down a little more and he feels the blissful agony of penetrating, no physical bearing, nothing like the other woman he compelled to his will. She repeats hitting the tip and going just below the base of his glans, it's almost perfect like when he oils his body every so often. He's almost cum and she slides down, making one cheek bulge. She angles her head and pushes it against the roof of her mouth, her head tilted up so she can easily see him. He can even see it going past her translucent lips. She then deepthroats him entirely, her throat flexes like a snake swallowing, but there's very little force from her insides preventing it until he's firmly inside.

He can see his cock, nothing but her inner folds training against his cock. If only she'd be inseminated like this, her throat fucks are like a maid in throw of passion. Still, her eyes white, almost glossy, they widen. Is she looking at him still? He can hope. 

Something's coming, and a sense of panic causes his hair to stand on end. She makes an elated 'mmmurr' noise like an angry cat. He feels it and lets her have his cum all over it, he's not sure what it was. She releases him. Past the pearly gates, out her imperceptible lips. She puts her lips to the tip again to kiss it, as if saying goodbye to her husband before he goes away in the morning.

She smiles and gives the tip one more for 'good luck' repeating the smile. She stops and waits. She's gotten quite good at looking like a very happy innocent woman, despite every other sign and act she performs on him betraying the mirage.

She knows it's over, right? She's just making him feel... He feels like his body is preparing itself again for her impossible lips within reach.

She turns and her butt is fully displayed. Quite. Wasn't this what a man like him wants? In return, she wants his dick, it's a very simple thing. A woman of most fauna would do it like this because their men haven't cocks like the average human male and can't reach beyond the entrance otherwise so of course she wants to mate with him alike, with his dick so hard you'd think it was a solid bone with just a few soft edges yet to be picked clean. She reaches back and inserts the tip of his cock rather than allowing him to stand when he was already committed to trying. The sensation is remarkable. It grazes her gluteus maximus, and without her pulling it to the side it presses straight in until her anus restrained it. It's so similar to her mouth and her breasts, at the same time. But this time he can hear her voice. She begins the act, reclining her back to his chest, then bending back more, so far back her face seductively presented to him upside-down. She's in a reverse cowgirl pose. It's actually quite a mess, her legs can't seem to decide if they should be pointing up, out, a full split, or if they should be folded under her. When she stops posing she begins pumping his whole dick up and down. He's unable to think and it ends startlingly quick with him flexing his back to thrust up into her during a sustained climax.

He feels like he can't move. She stops thrusting and quickly bounces to keep stimulating before she gives a gratuitous squelch and she removes his cock quickly like she's surprised. Then her singsong bleating continues as she slowly slides him in what might be her vaginal entrance and repeats. Fully inserted into her forward flank, her belly contorts from the shape of it. It's not because she's terribly small, but because his pecker's very large and her inner structures are so accomodating.

She easily removes the twitching dirk of man meat again and then puts it back into what could only be her anus of Venus, such a thing should be deemed so, and repeats. She's making panicked noises. Imitating him? Her movements become stilted and her weight falls towards him, finally anchoring his senses to reality. Her butt is like a membrane of a jellyfish and completely flattens out forcing his cock down to the base where a more accomodating group of structures await.

Spectacular! Unpredictable! Irrepressable! He thinks maybe his cock has taken on a life of its own and he's just along for the ride.

He tries to sound cool and collected, "Yes, with me. You and me together. We become one."

Her whole body vibrates as if electrical pulses go between hers and his genitalia, signaling which should take over, and which should rest. Indeed his dick is moving on its own inside of her, and then her body snatches it from within, tightly holding and stroking him for the next climax. She makes a shrill pitched cry and a short phrase comes to his mind, 'the bliss has taken us into its arms.' She slumps, unable to keep up her sensual act. Her embrace weakens. The innocence and fragility of her image augmented tenfold. He's afraid to breathe on her, should she pop. Sweat pours from her pink lithe body, the smell is quite nice. He slips out of her with no resistance.

He examines her body all over, strongly impressed he needed to determine if she was in danger. Although she won't move she's displaying all the perks of a young healthy mammalian female. Mammery, body heat, and bone. Social mimicry, sexual intercourse, she must be able to bear children. He's overjoyed.

Uncertain from her behavior which entrance was analog to a woman's vagina, he proceeds to massage her entire body two fingers at a time.

"Oh dear, oh no, so soft," he gasps.

His fingers penetrate directly in without resistance or damage.

He was looking for weak points or places that might offend either of them.

"There's not a single place"

Very little resistance, zero resistance, like her body's a substance in parallel to this dimension.

"There's not a single place I can touch without violating her. So goddamn many places to suck at and fuck. Have mercy. If such a beautiful thing can exist, what have I been doing with my life?"

He picks her up. Nothing. Not a thing to worry about. He believes she'll accept his physical touch now as a barmaid would expect a courter's titillating spank on the ass. She fell completely to slumber on him.

He carries her. Despite her body's fullness she can't weigh more than fifty pounds, and at nearly five feet tall. He is a hunter at heart. She is worth mounting like any game he'd pursue. With a goddess like her, having children? Absolutely to die for. Her remarkably insatiable act, it would come as a shock if he found out she wasn't expecting sometime soon.

"She only needs to bed with me. I'll be the happiest man to walk this mansion, no, to ever exist."

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C5, Scene 6: The Diligent Man[/size][/u]

On his returning trek he sees Ratgirl and calls to her. "Come," he says.

They will live together. She only needed to wear a leather collar so nobody mistook her for a rabid animal.

He writes the most erotic, interspecies sexcapades into his jo_rnal. He's de_cribing sex with ha_flings, elves, ny_phs, go_desses, wo_en who ne_er ce_se for rest, and wo_en, so many wo_en, ma_ds in bo_dage, in_entured se__ants we__ing st__nge re__aling co__ume, racy st_ff no__dy co_ld ad_it they read. He also at__mped to toy with the wo_en in bo__age each are vi__rouly but afer he been in a sex du__on they sl__ped his ch__ns and es__ed to the un___grond city and va___hd. Fi__ at fi__t. Ev___ualy over th_ee-hunded are fo_nd im___gnatd, and no dy knew who, or what, the fa _er was. He'd sp nd ye rs tr ng to br_ng wo en to new he _ts of p ___ue, o ly to d ___ver t at no _ ng ma _ed the go _ ss. He i __ed ke ps her in his bed. Her in _ able ha ds are ex _mly ca _le of p___ure. He s__ht to hve ath _me and qu _et co _ss se _ns wth his go _es and we up wh te gu st ge _g re _d by m_ks (???)

Back in the study.

The paper's been scratched at, impossible to read. It becomes completely illegible.

The new master is upset he was cut short. His great uncle's story doesn't end there. Something's missing.