Continuing from pink alignment
Heavenly Frosting Vixen Cherry Angel Boobcake


[u][size=115]Hero's Journey, Rejecting Destiny[/size][/u]
He stops and says, "Uhh. Uhh! I'm not really cumming. No. Not yet. Oh shit."

He came to his senses with a tinge of distaste for his great uncle after this.

He needed to push the thoughts away but they came like any storm.

Was sex just a mechanical process? Random chambers of sperm and eggs firing like lasers, intent on impregnating women? This man couldn't have truly read the entire tome.

He begins talking to himself. This isn't him. This can't be...

To be left with such trivial desires. He was a total failure. He spent his days trying to get the attention of the press, so they could 'Meet his goddess,' he'd say. He failed to accurately name a woman, suggesting she was the ulti-mate debutant, the next evolution of man, maybe an emissary from the heavens. He kept reciting a delusion of someone frail, floating, impressionable yet ancient, featureless and exaggerated like an impressionist painting, with dozens of pussy entrances, remarkable in some way 'enigma.' He drew pictured bestial and impregnated women but he wasn't prolific in the slightest in his work. Each day he looked more exhausted until he became reclusive. Who could have guessed? No! It's not really happening, sex is for love and enjoyment, I won't become like that old fart.

He finds a drawer, it has a pretty obvious marker on it.

"It's late. I'll read this before bed."

*****
[hr]

[u][size=130]Chapter 6, Title: A Journey Into Dankness[/size][/u]

[u][size=115]C6, Scene 1: Such Pretty Words[/size][/u]

Dread Witch is speaking to Zeth through the summoned portal. She begins the conversation.

"I don't know where the prostate of a frigging giant monster with hundreds of tentacles is. Do you expect me to climb in there? If anything he crammed it up one classified pussy and never took it out. It's every man's dream. He's been cumming endlessly inside her since."

Zeth returned with a rebuke to her denial.

"Excuses. Without me. You're nothing but ass... and tits. And tits and ass. Nothing more. So find it."

His emotion is imperceptible through the portal to his admirer, but she's pretty sure Zeth has a hate boner for her.

That's something I'd like to see, she thinks. If honey doesn't work, maybe the vinegar will.

"How do you expect me to find something he could have hidden, in any place? It could be anywhere. I'm not looking another hundred years. Just divine it, and I can go get it for you."

"Don't be silly... GHhhrrr. Find the prostate or another will. You can suck my dick once you do. You can suck my dick when I'm there anyway, warlock." 

Her mouth waters, eager for such an honor and the mana he possessed. Imbuing her body with his essence twice over would grow her own potency a hundredfold were she to swallow every last drop.

"Back to the temple my liege? I'm doing it. You want me to fu-uu... hu... ask him where it is, right? Where can I find the temple? Liege? Hello? You're gone."

She thinks, I better ask for help. What do the mortals use these days if they're lost, compasses?

She thinks hard, smiling to cover up her anger. All her knowledge of ancient war and combat fails to measure up. With the insect-like rate at which the planet has birthed humans. She was reminded she was once human.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C6, Scene 2: Angelic[/size][/u]

A rugged, hypermasculine, heavily tanned, well-equipped, total man-cake wearing a brimmed hat, leather straps and belts with silver, whips, and a stern smile enters along with his barely notable colleague.

The rugged man walks over to an engraved pillar and reads the inscription before exclaiming.

"This is it! The temple, it's been here all along. We found it. We're finally here! We can retire wealthy."

The other person speaks, "That we can. I might just help you retire early."

The adventurer is taken from behind. Something hard pokes his lower back.

"I thought you were a woman? I let you sleep with me for warmth one time too many. Stop."

The woman steps back and disrobes everything but a form-fitting metal corset resembling abs. She speaks with a tone of condescendingly offbeat humor in her voice.

"Don't think you'll escape."

She's naked. She has a throaty giggle to demarcate there was something more.

She perks up one eyebrow staring a bit lower than one with a look of disdain would and backs away before slowly pivoting. She brushes her hair aside revealing her nape.

Was she coming onto him? He can see every curve on her semi-nude body with some armored points on it, as though the armor was just for show only her midsection was properly covered. The curves of her body invited his eyes to trail into dangerous places and he considered himself favored having spent time with her. Perhaps if she'd put on some clothes they could talk it out civilly.

His attention is wrested away from her legs by what he initially thought was a figment of his imagination.

An angelic creature, uh, a looker, a lady, he corrects himself. A lady with incredible dazzling beauty enters the temple covering herself, barely, with wing ornaments made from large authentic-looking red feathers. Her red hair is done in a Romanesque hairstyle crowned and curls on top.

The two women meet briefly and their hips touch. The new one's actually a head shorter, but she has a bottle shape, big round bottom, and thick womanly thighs. She's an angel.

The first woman there holds the angel's body and they careen in a circle until both are facing backward to him, red lingerie he sees, an angel with bra-straps and garter belt holding nothing, it barely covers a thing from view.

His intrepid companion gives a 'humph' and admonishes one more word with finality, "I'll let her deal with you. I'm sick of your kind with your chivalry and prudish qualms."

But, she's not done. While she's saying it she's manhandled the other woman into submission easily and now she's toying with her.

She 'helps' the woman against the entrance doorjamb with light shining in. She looked for a moment like she was going to molest her.

Their silhouetted forms from an angle made his heart thunk. If he didn't stop it. He starts forward and breathes in to yell.

She proceeded until the other girl was fully exposed.

It pushed him over the edge and all he could do was catch his breath as his senses went to the head of his shaft.

She was doing exactly that, massaging the pussy lips of the angel and spreading them so he can see way too much. He might not be able to stop himself from enjoying it, but he'll be damned if he came with his pants on, so he holds his legs together like a schoolboy and waits for the lesson to end.

Before she leaves, the physical woman also turns, to provoke him.

The door closes behind the naked ass and rippling chiseled female legs.

A woman's legs are stronger than a man's, he could imagine what they felt like.

"She was really."

'Amazing' he wanted to say. But with the other woman listening he wasn't sure it'd be appreciated.

He looks her up and down as she very slowly steps towards him.

His dick is really hard and he's wearing tight pants.

Her eyes are dazzling like rubies. Her neck, shoulders, slim, down to her waist. Her nose is slightly pronounced. Her mouth seems to curve at the corners with a cupid bow upper lip. Her chin is quite small, her lips have taken shape while she draws them up, her arrow has been knocked, she's ready to fire it. She's already within reaching distance and she opens her wings and curves her head back. He can see her breasts, big, he thinks. D-cups, even bigger, like a milkmaid, EF G DD? The perkiness of them is uncanny.  He stares between the breasts, they don't quite collide in the middle. Even more, the woman has a fit body. It's no question. What are these clothes she's wearing? He stares down to her pubic area, the clit is well pronounced, just a little red pussy hair. She's got something on her legs. Her hand is right there in his sight now, feeling him, undoing his front flap. Somehow he missed when the belt came off. The shaft of his cock fills her hand, since it's already hard it reaches up to her belly button, their size difference is only slight. She's such a cute little thing. The curvature of her belly is very nice. Her wings gently brush against his back. His cock stiffens like it's about to shoot a load against her soft belly rubbing into it. It engorges and the tip of it enlarges touching her stomach.

"Oh. Oh heaven. Oh, it's been so many months of travel."

The head of his cock rubs against her clit while he lifts her. He looks up and sees her pleased expression, and amazing red lipstick. There's a sensation of intense pleasure on the surface of his glans.

She moves her head forward gently and he feels her breath in his mouth. Would a kiss be alright? He's taking more of her in and not just the sexual congress.

Her hair is bright red.

He's positive he could cum if she keeps moving, so he reaches up to gently dissuade her, and chat her up a bit. Romance is not dead if he has any say in it. Let a little romance bloom before they seal it with a kiss.

One of her legs lifts up and grabs around him.

Huh, he has a moment to recognize he's already slipped into her.

The other follows and her wings spread up. A single jerking motion and he's sheathed him up inside against his will. His sensitive cock feels like it's cumming but also like he has to piss from being startled so badly, a sweet sensation. His heart pitterpatters like a butterfly and he sweats from fear. Her wings fall down and cover his back again. Her bowstrings are taught. Her expression offers a compliment of her own gentle pleasure.

She puts her arms around his back and applies more pressure to his back. He can feel his sperm draining out of him into her before he even recognizes he wasn't in control, the relief is immeasurable. One long sustained load of cum pours out of him for a minute-long before he felt his cock was just a stiff pulsating point within the dankness of a mysterious cooter.

She continued to hold him, stroking his back, the warmth of her consuming him inside her, draining him longer than he thought was necessary. She continued reassuring him to accept his fate with a lovely woman, 'inside' a woman like her. She'll take good care of him, she can be very gentle, feel her gentle caress. The soft feeling of her breasts wasn't bad either, she kept drawing her head back pulling them away from him at the touch, so she was constantly undulating her entire body like she was going to otherwise sink.

He was willing to bed her properly should she allow it, his dick was still stiff and he didn't even manage a howdy-do before putting the iron in the fire. It's time. Enough.

"Enough," he says. "If you would accompany me. We can discover the temple, together."

No response.

"If you wish to be my companion."

No response.

"You only need release me from your loving feathers."

Nope. It's as if she was here for a singular purpose, and it ended once he was in her. Actually, he was noticing the rate she relieved him of his sexual tension was absurd. He was regaining his composure, but her conquest of him never ended.

She continues to hold him, his cock continues to stiffen.

He tries helping her off, they end up on their sides, comfortably resting on a stony floor, somehow. Her wings were like pillows. He begins probing around her body, for something, a tickle, a way to get her off, no, away from him, without hurting her.

This won't work.

"You're quite lovely. Just," he can't help pause at the thought of forcing her against her will, and also to stop mating with him, "your beauty will spoil me terribly. I'll never forget you." And the feeling of her pinched around the base of his cock like a love bite at his failing persuasion was also quite intoxicating. He breathlessly pleads, "Please, let me go."

He tries, for nearly two hours, he tries. He has three more orgasms, each time the woman moved to force him to cum as though she could sense when his refractive period ends.

There is no option left but to forget himself, so he starts thrusting into her, still hard. He feels her body now, greedily, not just to make her give up, not to push her away, but to make her feel his strength, bending her to his will.

There! Right there.

She was loosened for a moment, her grip, her vaginal entrance let the blood escape his cock. He no longer felt their groins touching. Her strings snapped letting expression falter, then she recovered and grabbed him with her pussy again. He's sheathed to the hilt and the bite of love digs deeply while her womanly posterior folds greeted his ballsack with a snug squeeze.

"Aha. Ah you did. You wouldn't listen. I didn't want it to end either. I swear. Not like this."

His body reflexively helps shove them together against his will until their pelvises touched, and he had to wince at that. She curls back her lips reaffirming her enjoyment.

He takes her wrists and pushes her arms away, but her wings hold her to him in that case. He pushes the wings, they're too strong, it's like they'd never quit. He can't move her legs. Her breasts? Soft, like a regular woman. There's nothing about her that he can find that meets his image of a regular woman. He can't evade her from this 'distance' and all that's left is he can betray the promise he once made.

He slaps her breasts repeatedly and she starts to grimace at the touch. They're so big! Her nipples point, up! They're fucking spectacular, they could be the most delectable things he ever —Losing it at the thought. He bites one nipple and suckles at the sweet taste of her raw tender flesh. Was that a noise of enjoyment from her? The silent angel fucking him wasn't completely silent anymore. Her tits must be how she masturbates if people aren't around, right, he should use it to his advantage. He sucks as hard as he can, her nipple extends while his tongue rolls, he rolls it around, he carefully grinds his lips so the suction marks don't take too quickly but the shape of her pronounced milk ducts and areolae was well defined. He slips his open mouth around an makes to drink while mashing his face into her mammery. He felt her nipples resisting his tongue but succumbing along his palette tickling him at the same time.

This titty sucking madman wants to screw her even harder to boot. Her wings beat and she pushes him away.

"Hahaha. I have you bested. Did you almost come? Don't go now."

He looks at his sore dick, the sensation of it, he's not sure if it'll hurt later, but cumming into her was all he could think of, despite finally escaping.

A voice in his mind speaks, "You can't win. Cum in her and want her more. Every touch will make you weak. You must rely on your instinct," 

I'll be trapped if I don't fold. I must run, he thinks.

The voice returns, "Are you dense?" The voice inquires, "I'm telling you she's a bonafide cake. It's your birthday. Make with her hooha, ride'em cowboy."

He escapes out of the room with the mocking voice luring him back to an impeccably fine angel who'd mate him for life, no doubt, never stopping to rest. And after running from heaven he enters another plane of existence.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C6, Scene 3: Pantheonic[/size][/u]

He observes the place. It's uncanny. This is like a pantheon, with statues of figures in two rows.

Nothing but statues.

There's a figure of a woman there, he's unable to determine age or race. Quite fit, braided hair, surprisingly finely combed. Such refined beauty. 

He touches the statue all over. One of the forged hands grips her breast. Perhaps she's masturbating or under distress. He examines her lower, there's some carving implying an object is deep insider her, like a toy or a false penis. He spends a long time examining the details and perceives battle wounds, deep creases suggesting her age, the wear of her skin, or her exposure to sunlight. There's a certain sexual denial about it all, in spite of her defloration, she wouldn't give in. Up to that point, she was all warrior and defiance.

"After looking at you like this. She was definitely a woman."

He sees a statue of a smooth-skinned male in his twenties. He examines it. The work of art has amazing detail. His face is extremely unusual. The hair is short. The nose is so flat. He has an inclination of skin color, but the statue doesn't offer any real hint of the boyish adult's skin tone.

His body curvature and narrow waist suggest he was trained, and required to stay thin rather than develop his muscles.

The rugged man examining this statue flexes his bicep to impress himself. Would the figure before him have resisted the angel so easily? No doubt he was very successful with ladies in his time. But, it takes some grit to say no.

The boy's head is lolled back, and his hips are angled for someone to sit, sporting an erection that points directly up. Something unsettles him at the recognition that he's in the act, and the statue could be used for... someone straddling, from a seated position, right there, carved out of granite with a sheen of polish where it mattered.

"The place has a bit of a perverted nature. A statue like that wouldn't rest for long."

There's a skinny woman, "decent legs." Perhaps she's a farmer or a mail carrier. Her hair is unkempt, naturally windblown, a good length, so she must have washed it in streams. He runs his hand on her legs, slightly turned on. She's wearing belts. He checks her booty out compulsively. It looks like her vagina is being stretched open, it's much wider than the size of his... what this suggests, is the person who carved these statues was very serious about the perversion and accuracy of their work and nothing but. He sees a leather belt covering her anus the way her glutes are spread wide suggest a massive insertion found its way into there too.

"Damn."

There's a woman with some garb covering her head to toe. There are shapely curves revealing details of the statue beneath. This one has amazing detail. This one and the previous would certainly make a pair, like a duet. He thinks of them together, like a man and a woman kissing but with much more tongue and tit fondling.

Uh. He lost his train of thought. He returns to examining her.

Her ass is also spread out beneath the cloth, the stone shaped like cloth don't leave much to the imagination. The carving meshes to her. He can practically see the imprint of her gaping butthole. There's something about the way women were portrayed violated, and the boy was in the throws of ecstasy, which angered him.

"What is the meaning? Is this how men and women should be treated?"

There's an old, ugly man, the effort put into such a devious piece of work is admirable. Unfortunately. The artist could have spent the better of their time, yonder, carving attractive women that weren't victims of questionable sexual acts. He can practically see the ridges of the ugly man's cock beneath his shirt. Apparently, it was quite difficult to hide. With a twenty-inch python wrapped around you like a belt you have limited places to keep it.

He puts his hand on the tome at the end of the pantheon and knows it all, has sex with all the women, lives the lives of all the men he's seen and the vestiges of pain and hunger, a thirst for the thrill of extraordinary. A chance to vanquish one's desire in another. Then he wakes up, kind of fucked up in the head but adamantly, he tells himself.

I won't be like that.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C6, Scene 4: Girls, Girls, Girls[/size][/u]

He lifts a bronze bracelet off a statue to no effect.

Entering a room, there is a couple, face to face, one on top of the other. They both have breasts, so they must be women.

"Howdy missus," he tries to greet.

Their deep-tongue kissing doesn't stop and might have even gotten a little more intense when they understood they were being watched. There's quite a lot of saliva it's actually dripping. The one below receiving facefulls. Their bodies are firmly pressed together like, you know, like how worms mate.

He walks around to see their grind. There's an unexpected item here. It's decided by him, this is none of his business. He stands there examining their butts and sees a fresh load of ejaculate exit the top's pussy. There's something novel about it.

"If this is a private dance, I'd best be leaving... If you don't mind, I can join, for a moment, if you'd consent."

He lowers his britches. His erection is blood red. The one on top lets out an exclaimed nasal moan and gurgles like her mouth were full of tongue and saliva. He touches the shoulder of the woman on top and she lets out a cry of incredible appreciation once more.

Come on, come on, fuck my ass.

"I know what you're thinking," he says.

His penis and desires are broken free thanks to the tome and the angel business, he reflects on how simple this all could be if he just gave in.

"Thank you. And good day to you."

He puts his britches up, unable to appreciate the women anymore without getting to know them, that's what he tells himself. He gets a quick look at their faces, and there's nothing but white salivation covering the one on the bottom. The top's eyes are rolled up as far as they'll go. They still writhe and caress each other like... his thoughts guard him... they're just passionate lovers on a beach while the sun rises.

He tries casting enchant on his dick, maybe there's an off switch. Trying to distract himself, he looks at the walls like the diligent archeologist he is, just enough to forget his trouble.

A voice, faintly. "She was consenting with a big fat cock down her throat. She wanted you to fuck her ass." Too faint, he forgets it immediately.

He walks the corridors of this temple full of carved images, Cuniform, some embossed and some bas relief sculpures, and other statues. There are a number of strange protrusions and deep cuts from the walls with no telling markings.

Temples are usually full of traps designed by ancient mechanics with skill. Aren't they? It stands to reason he should stay far away.

Curious what it was, he tosses a stick over. Out of one of the slots in the wall, a black limb of some kind reaches over and touches the stick. Disinterested it immediately gives up. He tries another trap and a rope snags the stick perfectly suspending it. Another black limb, exactly like the first comes to feel it, and it pulls out the stick, the trap resets automatically. This is definitely not an ordinary temple, and those are not very well-designed traps. But the odd creature taking sticks and removing them was as a malaise.

In the following room, there's some red glow. A force field. Inside it, a woman. She is dormant, in stasis. No response when he touches the barrier. He tries to communicate, "Hello. Are you captive?" With no response.

He takes a bronze necklace and an iron bracelet off a statue.

More traps of some arcane nature wait down the corridor he wants no business with.

Women lounge about in the next chamber. Two wrestle for sport, two lounge on the floor. They turn to look as he enters.

"Hello, missus."

They begin berating him in some other language. He can't understand but follows his experience and adopts their posture and expressions. 

He's now in a wrestling stance.

They surround and one grabs him, shoving him in the center of the room where they were wrestling.

A woman is his opponent, this can't be too hard. She's dressed in strips of cloth, very well oiled. She's thickly muscled around her abdomen and butt.

She puts an arm around his head.

"You're surprisingly strong. If you like, I'll go easy." He offers. 

The woman doesn't respond and throws her knee into his middle.

"No? Ok."

He trips her and gets a pin, he's very strong. It's not like you get the monacre of rugged or hypermasculine without some macho talents. He's even ready to let her go right away.

Another comes over, she has a very silky shirt. Her erect nipples only have the slightest impact on his strength. He pins her with ease.

They repeat combat. Besides the oil on her, she's naked. Despite her nudity he was able to take her down. She's very fit, and has toned arms and back muscles. This doesn't affect him, much.

The fourth enters the ring. A woman who appears to be with child. He shakes his head and backs away. She grabs him with surprising force and pins him to the floor. 

"Careful," he warns her about the baby, but can't get more out before she crushes his chest.

Until the count of five, when omeone slaps the floor.

He gathers himself. Another enters, the first woman again. He frets and accepts it. He casts a spell, finally giving up on fairness. He can feel the impressive weight of his own body when he moves, the grace he commands. The woman tries to tackle him while he guides her to his side with amazing ease. Just like that, she has a softness in her eyes looking upon him. She backs away.

The other women pile on. Unlike before, they're laughing. This is different from the unstoppable fight for endurance they displayed. They sounded happy. A woman kisses him. The pregnant woman is unbuttoning his pants. He felt their bodies while wrestling, they're in top form, in all manners of physical exertion there's no reason to be worried.

Pants off. They start over.

He's thinking this'll be more play than wrestle now.

He takes on an aggressive stance, baring his teeth. The woman in cloth doesn't make the first move. Two others approach, fairness be damned, they wrestle three on one.

Their attitude is more like puppies. They only want to touch him. 

Their nipples are erect like diamonds pressing out from the cloth and oils, and he badly wants to touch them back. Rather than a clean pin they lay astride fondling each other in the ring. He feels them up. Eventually, one can't handle the tension any longer and bears her naked bottom, the other following suit. Their pussies are frothing over with vitality. 

This was meant to be. The way their pussies twitch, and fight and they're gasping against the touch of his hands while begging for cum, they can't resist him. They're way too sensitive now. He's got them on the verge from fondling their slits. He unfastens his belt buckle.

He carefully puts his erect tip seething with the power of Illmuire into one of the fertile young women. As if shocked by him she breaths in a sharp whine. He puts his cock in all the way and she helps by grinding her rear back into his hips. She came instantly. Her pussy juices spread out around his cock and leak out of her.

He pulls out and proceeds to the next, allowing her to thrust back against him to climax. It's so good he even releases his pent-up stress, and his body and mind relax finally.

Each one is satisfied like this, everyone, "done," he says out loud.

The pregnant woman cleans him with fellatio and tries very earnestly to make him cum, but even that seemed to wear her down, she played with herself too much and came while sucking his dick. She takes out a rune offhandedly, not wanting to fight anymore. He's handed it and waved off.

He lifts a silver bracelet off the statue on his way out.

The rune allowed him to complete a new chant, he returns to the woman enshrined behind such a force preventing entry.

"I'll have you out in a moment ma'am. One two Illmuire."

He takes a moment to recite properly. The barrier comes down with a crackling noise. Then the woman's eyes open.

He holds her wrist to get her pulse. Her breathing was steady. She stands up just fine. She reaches out, so he offers the ornaments he's been picking up. They look quite nice on her. She's like a decorated statuesque woman. She reverses his hold and feels his wrists.

"I see you're doing well. But, I don't need you to check on me. You're happy to be free. And I'm happy to oblige. But I think I'm on my way."

He can't fight her grip, she's too strong, way stronger than the wrestlers. She feels his body all over, discovering his male organ, she immediately takes it out.

He grabs the silver necklace off the candles and runs, stopping momentarily as his strength fades then walking. 

He doesn't know what's happening.

She grips his arm.

"Miss, we're done. I don't require any repayment."

She gets down on her knees and forces his dick down her throat swallowing repeatedly until he cums. She turns around and spreads her ass wide. His desire betrays him, and he lowers himself to fuck her amazing ass. He sweats, nearing climax, he's about to lose it.

He chants to increase his strength. So does she.

He slaps her butt, and she makes noises, she becomes more vocal as his enchanted cock stimulates her in the ass. Like the other women her body is more erogenous than a clit from contact that magic sheathed in her. Her orgasm that follows flexes her anus and tantalizes his senses. He feels the desire to finish inside and the biological need building-up inside him. He feels her ass cheek and he cums inside like nothing he felt before.

He casts a healing spell to recover his strength. He gets down, the woman with him.

They continue on their sides, still anal fucking for several minutes before she is breathing out hoarsely.

Excited by her voice, he can't fight the desire to do it again, and he grabs her arms, tying them behind her back with a lasso while he picks up the pace.

He covers her eyes with a cloth, in certain cases, this would look pretty badass. In another way it's like he's taking advantage of a woman who was just moments ago bound to a confined space. But she's really all about him here so it's not his fault, she came onto him.

He guides her onto her front because it's easier to keep her pinned like that, he's feeling pretty guilty, it feels really good to do her so roughly. She's even encouraging him with her high-pitched moan. Close to climax for several minutes he has her bound, blindfolded, and she's letting out yelps of glee when he slaps her sides. The little trinkets she's wearing tap against the hard floor repeatedly. He finishes. She's fainted from him cumming in her, zero resistance to him pulling out. He undoes her and uses some baby powder from his bag to clean them up. He leaves her to rest.

Another well bred woman.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C6 Scene 5: Breast Worship[/size][/u]

There's a stairwell through a door, very deep and wide.

His tingling back, the shiver up his spine, everything is a type of omen. For the career adventurer like him it's a promise. This would be a great time to take a break. Take a rest and cast rejuvenating spells. Wait an hour now, or an hour after eating. Once he's absolutely certain he's ready for the next challenge, he'll proceed with caution.

He sits and gets a sense of his surroundings before he moves, going down the stairs.

A woman approaches to kiss him immediately. He pushes her away and she grabs his arm to pull him down with her. There's something wrong with all the women here, they're drunk, horny, and they like to fight. He reaches to her pussy with an enchanted hand, she first acts surprised and soon bays like a horse. For a few minutes they lock eyes, he's happy to grant her this satisfaction. Her body goes tense, she's knocked out cold from repeatedly cumming when he places a thumb to her clit. He removes his hand and wipes the girlcum off it.

"Fast hands."

A few steps down the stairs and there's another who immediately throws herself into his arms. "Wait." He tries to assist and ends up with his pants down around his ankles. His still enchanted cock gives her so much pleasure while she sucks at it, he can't understand, this is unbecoming for such a good-looking woman. She hands him something and he moves on, fastening his belt, and trying to act aloof despite being a babe magnet.

At the bottom of the steps, he sees a statue from behind, very nice craftsmanship. The shape of her ass suggests a reference to a well-fed goddess or a queen, some fertile being with immense childbearing capability. Her thin waist is nearly cinched compared to her thick bony chest, the massive girth of her tits and muscle of her back, the proportions are not common. The statue has relatively smallish wings folded back, very common depiction of an angel.

He can see around to the side of her breasts now. Her chest heaved up above a deep crease down to the curve of her belly. Her abdomen are prominent and her belly is soft looking. The light from the door reflects along the surface, suggesting a metallic finish, well-oiled, very nicely cared for. Someone loved this statue to this very day. The hands of the statue cover her face, like a 'peekabo'. Nothing is touching her breasts. She's completely naked but for the elegant red shoes with sandal straps, kind of like a woman in high-heels. He gets around to the other side.

Her hair, her lips, are both a deep crimson red. Her hair's done up like cylindrical drills unnaturally, they almost touch her breasts but her hands are keeping it off. Her nipples are pink, big, tilted upwards on extra-delicate perches with big eager areolae. Her breasts are jutting out to the sides like her wings.

Her breasts were absolutely over-sexualized for fertility's sake. Even if she tried to cover them, her hands would be too small. It looks like it'd take considerable force to get them to collide if they were tied together. They're naturally spreading, no clothes, they'd never touch together even with gravity, lying her her side they'd probably push her onto her back. Like bullets tipped with red, her high beams glow and play with his imagination and desire.

He's amazed by the detail close-up, the craftsmanship to form porous blemishes on the metal, they're almost like, like.

What he mistakes for a statue near the exit, with its back facing him, from the other side, at this range, he can see skin. Too real. She slowly steps forward her hands removed from their peekabo, the whites of her eyes come in view. It's not the same as before, she's actually a much bigger girl than the last! A metallic sheen of red, glowing red eyes and tits those spectacular tits. She gone fuck.

He jukes to avoid her first strike and reach the exit. To get away before that happens.

The big-breasted angel from before, this one's like the mother I'd like to fuck kind-of-rough version of her. Not that it was such a bad-sounding thing. Why is he thinking this? His hard prick seems to be willing; No. This is getting absurd.

She makes a ridiculous noise like a leopard and catches him.

Her excessive hair extensions practically float down from above her after stopping indicating the speed; She's laughing. He can't read her; She slips her finger down low; His pants are off; Is this a berserk assassin? He sees a different image now. She's amazing. Her steady gaze is the image of perfectly serene bliss.

It's no first-time-cummers, her skill exceeded her predecessor by far.

Her skin is shiny, almost incandescent, her glowing smile and small beads of oil roll down her in place of tears and saliva. There's a clear sense of a tingling oil covering his prick, lubricating it from her stirring the overflowed pot above him; A warm hand wrapping around the base then dampness flowed on his crotch soothing his hot legs; It felt like he came just now; The familiar embrace of coitus as each notch he passes through entering her lets him through; She's unlocking her coils of ropy inner-muscles slowly to take him in willingly, a twisted vault made by her blacksmith uncracks.

He lost himself in the act, he's against his back on the floor by now. She breaks eye contact to look up, the movement sways her tits, and it's followed by the feeling of her fingers loosening, and then she inserts him in deep and hard, like a dildo, laughing like it tickled her, his sperm drains out successfully breeding her.

He should be very happy to enjoy an aftersex conversation. She looks like a nice girl.

She tries again swaying her body. She brains him with her box. She scissors his pizzor. She absorbs his orbs.

He's getting hammered by Athena, pinned by her rippling muscle and wings. Her tits bounce fluidly with motion but only within reach, never against him. He's forced to cum over and over at her whim.

She also grabs the back of his head with her hands and pulls his face into hers occasionally.

He felt like he kissed the Blarney Stone the blood rushing into and then back away from his head.

Her lips are silky-smooth, oiled like her skin. Somehow she makes him cum again immediately after each kiss before he even knows he's feeling good again. She gives him another gentle kiss.

He casts the spell to invigorate so that his strength returns, keeping him safe for another few rounds of this ferocious onslaught. 

Better, he thinks.

He tries the lady-killing spell he used before and fails with her tongue going in his face, there's an audible sizzle as his mind's eye blanks, she even laps at him afterwards cleaning him like an animal.

There's another way, he knows it. Suspended in front of him, spread out so they won't collide easily, one firm grip is all it'll take, grab one and he's free.

She goes for the next passionate, deep-tongued kiss, so he goes for her chest with his hands. She had her hands on his head, but she's too quick and his arm's held down before he can really move.

Then with her lips quirking within an inch from his face, she creams his crotch like it was on command and wetly smacks down as his next load delivers on time for her. He opens his mouth giving her all that she wanted. And then she steals another kiss not closing her eyes, taking his breath away with it.
 
No angel, he decides, more gothic, a beast with wings and claws he can't break free of, beautiful, unholy, vain, shying from the light; a gargoyle. The strength of his entire body is slowly entering his cock to allow the process to go on, what can he do?

"Help!" He yells. "Help, someone, the woman I just met. If you are decent and kindhearted. Help me! Mmmph," stifled by another 'kiss'.

If you can call her tongue shoving his aside on entry and squelch of their lips sucking together a kiss. You might call it a tongue blowjob the way she wrests control of his mouth and sucks at him.

She manages to avoid forcing him to gag, her perception of how his mouth works is superior to orthodontists and he can practically feel his tongue orgasm from the ticklish curl and flick.

And there, his prostate squeezes out its remaining juice, his dick pulsates with an amazing afterglow effect on his limbic and his nerves grow calm, the mysterious unknown inside her grinding against him within very excitedly, kneading his milk into her as he tries to force it in at first, then lets go as it is taken away.

With Zeth's power, his dick stays hard, but he can tell when he's been tapped. This is the limit. Someone else is coming over.

The woman with the telling belly approaches. She gets down very close to his face with her side on the floor and licks his ear. That's not helping.

A third comes over. It's that one, the one he finger banged. She begins passionately kissing him.

The trio trades his lips for days and lick his face. He can't speak, his tongue is sore from the powerful woman's oral fixation and the curl of her tongue. It gets more ticklish each time, he can't feel it without closing his eyes and twitching all over now. His lips are chapped from rubbing against all of theirs. They only occasionally bring out a drink or a piece of dry fruit and put it in his mouth. His ears tickle so hard. The pregnant woman wraps her arms around him cradling his head to her lactating bosom sometimes. And finally, his cock is getting the blood pulled into its head by a woman who never stops draining his balls with incredibly precise strikes. The situation is completely out of his control.

There's very little noise but the clap of their privates, immediately followed by his long bellow of pleasure, and sometimes he hears a sigh from the side when they aren't tongue-fucking his earlobes.

He can't feel his lower half anymore when the woman isn't using it. Never giving ground. The crimson lips, a metallic-red sheen to her skin, she ignores his pleas and bats his hands away from her gorgeous tits when he tries another sneak.

During the past day or two she's begun adding a rhythmic rocking motion in as her body sways. Her tits swing gently above him, and she rubs his stomach to help stimulate him, helping circulate the fluids in his body, and then she'd take a toll for her effort, forcing him to climax sooner than his body was ready. It's all quite nice until he starts to think she's not trying to pleasure him, his life force might be at stake. He is losing consciousness intermittently from a lack of sleep. He came so hard, and so many times. It's like it was worth it to meet her...

... The story ends here? This fool becomes a boytoy. With nobody to prevent dankness, humans are a bunch of cum dumpsters, toilets, and fuckboys. He's not having that!

Part of his mind is torn away. He'll not have it return.

He bites and kicks and throws them around until he gets on top of the angel. Her wings crushed, she's only arms and tits. He squeezes her tits really hard and chomps down on one. Magnificent mouthfeel, he'll recommend a friend! She's twitching from the pleasure rather than taking back control. Finally, he's grown some balls. Now rock her back. He's about to. He grabs his erect... Nevermind.

Croaking like he can't speak properly, his tongue's twisted up, he can't call on his newfound power like this. He has bedsores he needs to heal. And his legs can barely bend as he lifts them each step. He limps out of the room. 

He noticed his bling was missing. Who stole them?

Absolutely adamant in his resolve. With his level of determination keeping him strong, he's going to make it.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C6, Scene 6: Destroyed[/size][/u]

He limps along and discovers more elaborate traps. With his newfound handicap, he can barely keep his balance. The pain is everywhere. After so much pleasure one can only hope for rest.

He's forced to limp-run at moments in fear he'd been caught.

He's very tired and hungry.

There's a girl, she's kind of dressed up like a zombie costume, she's pre-wrapped in bondage. She activates a trap nonchalantely.

He can't speak and just watches. The mysterious limb gently caresses her leg. Then, excitedly, almost life-like the entire wall reaches out with feelers and pulls her to it. Dozens of tentacles violate her.

No, he thinks.

He tries to help her, she's breathing out pained moans. What a horrible feeling. He can almost cry. He's helpless to watch this woman while she's... she's enjoying it? She cums, and loads of strange fluids exit her mouth and at her loins where the things entered her, he can still see them pull tight repeatedly, stimulating her clit. He moves on, avoiding the tiles and the horny women letting themselves fall 'victim' just for entertainment.

There's a woman in elaborate robes. There's a barrier in the corner, red, that's about Zeth no doubt.

He points at his mouth. He still can't speak.

She licks her lips and moves in. She plants a wet kiss on his. That's not quite what he meant.

There's a tendril-like swirling tongue. Like the women before her, she's absolutely tenacious in her tonsil-tickling.

She's fucking his mouth with her tongue, but it's quite soothing, so he relaxes and lets her go to work.

Currently incapable of an erection, he thinks this is still pretty good feeling. Her saliva lubricates his parched throat. He moves her head away and has to put both his hands on the sides of her head to force her entirely out. She keeps her tongue visible with its glistening sheen, salivating, boy crazy.

He chants the restoration spell. Finally, his body, his dick, it's starting to make sense again. He dispels the barrier with another.

She's not done yet.

He forgot her for a moment.

Smoke pours out of her surrounding him. She deserves some loving, he thinks, he returns her embrace.

"Miss. You're a lifesaver."

She speaks, "I want to put my tongue up your ass."

Her hand slides up and down his hard cock, so, was she serious? Her dark lipstick makes her skin look pale. She sticks her tongue down his throat and does the swirly swirl again his head feels like it's swirly. He coughs up some smoke and wet stuff she's putting in it. 

This sweet woman gets on her knees keeping her hands on his stiff member. She's able to release it with some fumbling and begins sucking his cock after he gets a good view of her next to it. Her tongue does a swirly swirl which makes the room swirl as every nerve along the trail of her movement tingles. She easily reaches his ballsack and laps at it while deepthroating him. She's incredibly gentle and he can't see a flaw on her face.

She's dressed like a waitress, actually. There's a ring on both their fingers. She holds his hand, and gets on top of him, laying down. It's missionary, this is more his style. He wakes up to a gurgling noise. He sees he came down her throat, not the waitress, 'her,' the seductive creature with a long tongue, and the stuff is coming out her mouth.

She lifts her head unable to take it for long, and her notably prehensile, long tongue hangs out her mouth as she hacks up more spit. She's still catching her breath, looking extremely guilty about something. 

He gets a good look at her body. She's frail. It doesn't seem like she's equipped for combat or with a cock like the previous women. Alright then, no harm done. Even if she did something nasty to him just now there's no reason to feel as guilty as she looks.

He gets his pants up. He looks around the room. There's a dirty cobweb in the corner so he knocks it down and takes a dusty necklace before leaving.

"Ma'am," he says quickly nodding to her and tipping his hat.

He puts a hand on his butt, it feels like he must have gone? She said she'd...

"I'll just mosey out."

Another girl is caught in ropes. Her ass is up in the air, she's face down, bound. Her clothing is not hiding her womanhood in the slightest. And any moment, those things could come.
 
"Hang on I'll help you." He tries to let her out. "You must want to get down. Don't fight." She was fighting. "I said quit it. I'm trying to cut the ropes." He cuts at them, and she swears like a sailor while he's helping. "Crazy dame. Here let me... the ones on your legs need to go first or you're going to fall. Uh nuh. It looks like trouble."

The tentacles come to finish her. Her arms are quickly bound behind her. They ruin her body directly in front of him while he's helplessly holding her. She's left on the ropes with her tongue out, cum pouring out her.

"What have they done to you? I can't deal with this. Where is the giant octopus controlling these things?"

He finishes helping her, but in a sense, he's too late. Although he can ease her pain slightly. She doesn't look interested in following him.

There are two women with big tits. They're very elegant.

"Pardon. Can I have some milk?"

They laugh and show him their tits.

"Pretty. I'm honestly parched, missus. If you'd kindly allow me. I'll drink."

They pursue his offer happily. He finds out they're not lactating. They reach climax from nipple sucking alone and offer their nice soft butts to him. The feeling of them rubbing against his leg was almost orgasmic. He holds them, rubs their butts. There haven't been women like this around, but damn why are they so aggressive? There were some big tits, yes, but their butts were also quite nice. He gets a good look at their thick ankles. This is some wife material.

He looks up and sees another barrier to dispel. He chants to dispel the barrier. A symbol of Yakre vanishes. He steps outside and there are three girls who approach him. He steps back and they follow him in. The voluptuous women from behind come to hug the other three.

A scene, like a play full of actors unfolds for him as witness.

The three girls begin molesting the other two. They're very aggressive, teeth against their flesh. Their nipples are inched and prodden swollen until the teeth sink down into them. Those were in his mouth not too long ago.

Their exposed butts are spread out in the air. He wonders, is this going to be ass-kissing? He's actually quite amazed.

Instead, the three newcomers reveal dicks. They push the bodacious women down by holding their hair and then sodomize them. The third is able to get in and double penetrate one lucky gal. They begin cumming profusely until they're exhausted. Then the two voluptuous girls get on top and the sexual energy flows their favor.

If they weren't pregnant, they will be soon. He could see massive wads of cum spent inside them pouring out. It's time he makes leave and decides to do so silently.

He finds a room with one girl wearing a very nice dress that billows out like a gown. There's a symbol of Illmuire and forcefield. Girl dressed so nicely beckons him with one finger. What is a man to do?

He has her plant her hands against the barrier and makes her nice and wet, finally he's in his element fingering a woman alone, with her presenting. Watching that orgy with two busty gals really got him going though. How do those three cum so much?

He slips it in almost accidentally. He's fucking a tasteful woman like a bronco rider before he realizes it. She's nearly done for, she's so close and sweating. He decides to take a close look at her ass. Wow very nice, the cute little thing is tucked neatly between two plump cheeks, only peeking out when he firmly squeezes. She has a very classy body. It riles him up enough he could do her twice, but he'll settle for once. He gives her a proper creampie and firmly squeezes her butt to signal he was pulling out and enjoying every second looking there doing it. His stress is relieved once more. 

He dispels the forcefield while she calmly watches him, fingering her clit.

He finds his way through another long corridor and sees a strange foreboding force that completely breaks down. There's a crumbling wall and a very small door. Not too small. He can crawl right in.

Oh dear, there are so many tall women. And with his head on the floor he feels like a little rabbit poking his head out of hiding. Uh. Hold on, he can't seem to go backward, he got his arms through. He's there only a moment before one of the heroic-looking women notice him. She walks over with such a nice smile, very elegantly, her tits eclipse the source of light above him, she will definitely help him escape. She holds his arms and helps turn him onto his back. Then she sits on his face. The number of women who drip their girlcum down his mouth in that hour, twenty, he counted twenty. They weren't done, one of them knocks down the wall. He'll try not to dwell on that.

The wall breaks down and there's an incredibly muscular woman, although she's just a bit taller than him and quite thin, she's some kind of bodybuilder. He recites the blue enchantment with his arms free. She has some tells suggesting she'd like that.

She lets out a growl and reveals her ass to him. She puts herself against the wall, elbows in front, and lowers her ass to align with him. The other women crowd around to watch. This is some alpha wolf energy. Her ass is practically surrounding him. Her back is amazing. 

He's aligned with her dick-to-pussy feeling the muscles and the ribcage along her sides before caressing her hips. His hard enchanted cock goes in her wet pussy and they proceed like that. He feels her body slowly until reaching for her breasts evidently coming up short.

"Miss, bend over more."

She tries.

"A little more miss."

She bends over until her head is below her elbows. The tits, they're not bad, very soft compared to everything else, but not so big compared to her body. He manages to cum in her like this feeling her up. She reaches back and slides a finger along her anus. This one's a proper fuck too, she seems to say. Her pussy isn't as strong as the angel's, that was impossible to handle. He makes her cum by continuing and playing with her butthole as much as she likes.

A second beautiful girl, with about a foot on him, comes from behind to grab his dick. Oh, they're not done. He's the pickle in a Jill sandwich. She takes control, pulling his dick out of one hole and sternly placing it into the other, allowing her girlfriend the complete experience she desired. She finishes with a quick thrust of her hips into the rugged boytoy's butt shoving him balls deep. His mind is blown, the anus stretches easily and her asscheeks beautifully spread out. The second girl takes control of his body like he's a dildo and fucks the shit out of her girlfriend's ass. Her ass is impossibly clean and well lubricated so it's like they must oil and wash regularly. His mistress gives a grand sigh of gratitude, and the one forcing him to do all this gets down and licks his ass while he finishes.

The women brought him in and each take turns kissing and sucking his dick. He manages to cast the proper spell so his dick was extra delicious, but these women are of another caliber and take him down their throats while orgasming without losing their concentration. They have very nice tits too but they don't seem to care what he does with them. Ultimately, there are simply too many women to fuck and it's over. The adventurer can't leave without satisfying them all completely. This ends him, he can't go back.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C6, Scene 7: His Name is[/size][/u]

He determined that there must be some spell to escape. He casts every spell he knew. Using Yakre to enchant his cock, they suddenly look much hornier. He's getting sucked down like a pixie stick. 

While he melted like a candy cane by one service slut, two others paired off and shared each other while he watched.

He was getting desperate watching until the duets became the cocksuckers. Two women were sucking the head of his cock at a time.

Then a third went under and sucked his ballsack, he's never even, nor imagined this level of pampering. She repositioned and now three women's lips were on his cock at the same time.

A fourth, two on the side, one in front, and one below.

A fifth from behind.

A sixth wasn't able to fit, but she wowed him with her assets from the side.

He tries examining the excavated cave they turned into a brothel of some kind.

She had to undress in front of him very slowly, to get the job done she even leaned into his face and squeezed her tits. Seven, no, eight, every two hands was another girl.

He hears more of them in the back in a chant, and the energy hitting him emboldens the next sugary load to cover their faces. There's more saliva and female juice flowing than cum. He feels their tongues on him, they've switched to such silly expressions, but his cock is entering their mouths as they do it, it's somehow intoxicatingly unbelievable.

The spell wears off and the women return to normal, taking turns licking his cock like an ice cream cone until one's horny enough to mount him.

He goes through different chants and there's something like a fox, a dog, and a small wolf. He casts more and every summons is approximately the size of the first three. There's a giant scorpion and insects bigger than one foot in diameter, a giant silkworm, a snake. Another. Octopus, a dolphin, and a jellyfish, all hovering magically. The creatures he summoned proceed to entertain the women, taking their concentration off him. They're so cute. They pet the little canines. They don't seem to touch the worms or the snake much. They were very friendly with the sea creatures, kind of like they wanted to get intimate. They weren't regular animals, of course, there was something odd about them. They would do as he willed them.

A glowing sigil in the room caught his eye, so he grabbed it without much thought. Dank energy filled him then...

... disrobes her.. forces her back into a wall and despite the size difference, she's tall...grabs her wrists, holding them back, sucks her tits. ... hard cock finds its way into her from the front, past the little clothes she wore, and ... all in her, every bit in her so good, she's in tears from the pleasure of... in her mouth ... up her ass. The pleasure is nonstop.

...

Some time passes, the intrepid explorer's hands are squeezing a woman's butt. He understands he had a blackout. He pulls up his pants. It snags. He lets his dick slide out of her ass first, shivering from the feeling of her warmth leaving him, and she clenches around his penis when it's almost out he sighs, appreciative of her and gives her a loving slap on her rear.

The women are resting their heads on their arms with their asses in the air. There are many women with cum all over their bodies. The creatures he summoned are penetrating the few who were unmarred.

He didn't imagine it'd come to this.

The ones who were disgraced before coming to had their hands bound, their eyes covered, their bellies were much larger than any of the fit women were when he entered.

A tentacle spell is forcing one to orgasm repeatedly, pumping stuff into her.

The women being mated by the animals are fainting. A snake is wrapped around one woman who still has fight left in her, defiantly holding it away from her face while he's wrapped around her trying to kiss her apparently. A woman covered in large silk webs has a worm down her throat depositing his sperm, a thread attached to her stimulating her clit is getting yanked digging a deep groove in her. The scorpion, the absolute legend has latched onto his mate's face to fuck her throat. The canines have turned around so the tail covers the butts of the women, their bulbous knots holding them in, the stance is iconic, their asses touch. The sea creatures have multiple inserts, it's really something seeing them double penetrate the women, or do more. It's like they're irresistible. There's some kind of force holding their partner in place, something on their wrists or under their knees keeping them together while exposing their genitalia. Does a jellyfish out of water sting? Whatever he's doing, she likes it so much she came the fastest. The octopus has managed to grab the woman from her front, although she's still bent over, she can barely stay conscious. He can see he's grabbing her pussy, and sucking her tits, she's also allowing him to finger her mouth, holding her bottom lip down. The dolphin has two phallic pink smooth objects, to reiterate, he's double penetrating one girl who's completely conked.

His dirty work was right there in front of him. With that power, He came in every single one and left them in this state. It's about to end soon. The summoned helpers finish, their female partners lost consciousness due to multiple sustained creampies permeating them like waves of water depositing sediments onto solid land.

They teleport one at a time, just like the tome predicted. He believes the women are going to meet that man.

They won't be after me any longer.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C6 Scene 8: E[/size][/u]

Another stairwell happened to be open.

There are three amazing-looking women waiting for him right there. Their love balloons are astounding. One thin girl with rocket tits and two titmice for his pleasure once again.

"Have mercy."

He undoes his pants. Fairly certain he can get away with it at this point. He gives them a "missus" and proceeds to gawk as they take control. His pecker draws their attention entirely. They get down on their knees, all three at once they slowly encircle his cock and plant their hungry lips on. The titmice take his right side at first. The one with larger breasts quickly exposes them and fondles her own nipples. "Amazing." Her nipples are big, swollen like she was stung. While the other two sucked his dick he was mesmerized into fondling her breast. She moves his hand away and proceeds to take his cockhead from another woman. His precum immediately beads on the tip, she wipes it off onto her face. She presses her mouth down around the glans slowly lip-smacking as she sucks it in. Her cheeks pucker and her lips purse as she pushes them around it. The other two barely seem to measure up to the singular beauty of this dominant cocksucker. She has a very cute face. Her gentle head movements and facial expressions change as the shape of her mouth contorts around his ridges, she looks lovelier by the second, her eyes beckon him, her eyebrows tell him her need. She slips her tongue out lapping at him, a very dainty little thing unlike the helpful woman with a long tongue back there. He feels like he has to cum now. His hips buck slightly and his leg shakes. She takes note and drops a single eyelid to wink, pushes her hair behind one ear, and plunges deep as she can before choking. Her tongue protrudes to lap at the saliva escaping her mouth. She's amazing. Her beauty escapes words. He empties into her mouth and the fluid drips out.

The girls kiss each other, sharing his cum. The other moves those purdy little lips.

What did she say? That was a chant.

Spectral tendrils come from her. The other two women arch their backs and their eyes glow, making a strange cooing noise. Tendrils exit their mouths, their breasts are sucked by translucent devices visibly tugging at their nipples. He's amazed by the image. Just the one remains; She plays with his cock until it's hard.

"Put it in them." She says, urging him to pollinate the two flowers propped up on stems.

He can see, the tendrils have entered their buttholes, squirmed their way up and out their mouths, they look only slightly uncomfortable. A pulse flows through the specters, forcing them open wider, and then allowing them to relax. More exciting is the way their breasts are being milked roughly. He gets ready to have doggystyle sex with one, her nipples are swollen and the vacuum of the sucker has elongated her areolae. Specks of swollen red show exactly where the milk ducts would be. He runs his finger along the suction cup edge and it releases one tit. The knobby nipple feels soft. The swollen areolae, to his touch, the woman flinches and groans, seemingly unwilling to move her head, even to look at him. He comes closer to her face to see her eyes, he likes the look in them. At the sight of it he could fall in love. He sticks his cock into her ever-wanting vagina. It felt like he could do this forever, stay here and sleep with countless beauties. He casts the green enchantment spell anyways. It's like a way to pleasure women here, why not? The girl under him starts flexing her back slapping into his hips. She gets extra creamy, her body convulses orgasmically for several minutes. This was his doing. The blue specter up her ass expands wider than ever and her belly fills up. She screams from her climax and he cums into her. The specter exiting her mouth ejaculates like it was somehow part of the nervous system.

He recovers and moves to the second. Creamy milk filled the suckers. So, she's really... He removes one and sips, so sweet, he drinks them both and squeezes one delicious breast. The milk beads and squirts out.

If he were a cowboy instead of an Archaeologist, he starts to think. Milking her would be his forte.

He places the cups back on her nipples, and she gives an approving noise. He wraps both hands on her tits and squeezes the milk out filling the empty cup and overflowing the other, the milk drains down a tube. He can feel his hard dick. He shakes his head and casts the green recovery spell. He gets up and sees a woman bound by ghostly forces, and another he slept with. In between is a form like a ghost, pale, seductive as the shape of a woman can be, her tremendous torpedo breasts float impossibly. His dick gets harder, he falls to his knees. Was this the woman pleasuring him? He should be at worship over her. He chants the recovery in the color of black.

His mind changes to the shape of power he wielded in the bukakke god's name.

He would dominate her. She wasn't strong, he was, he was able to force her into any position. So he got all three women free of the violating specters and had it his way. Their heads were at the bottom of the stairs unable to see him. He tied the single most beautiful woman with his whip.

"Aren't you ashamed? All the women here do is fuck and fight. And now you, of respectable breeding. You use your mouths like toilets."

They're quiet, but they would be, wouldn't they? Their privates exposed to him. He goes on for several minutes until he loses interest, unable to get them to say a single word. He decides to experiment. He casts a spell of black energy which makes his dick hard, he oozes precum.

He takes the girl he already had sex with and starts spanking her reddening behind.

"Why don't you get up, stop accepting this?" He accuses them all.

She murmurs, her belly swells from the spectral cum inside it. There's a blue tint.

He greedily stares at the asshole of the goddess who took control earlier. In her tied-up state, she seems too vulnerable. He rubs his dick along the channel, feeling the size of her butt, his cock swells and precum seeps out, he closes his eyes enjoying the feeling of cumming to her assjob. This spell makes him want to cum endlessly, his energy is tremendous, he could berate them like a drill Seargent forever, or enjoy himself in more visceral ways. So what's next? 

He chants a creature summon spell in blue. The dolphin that emerges mounts the lactating woman and fucks her ass and pussy with its smooth aquatic organs until her jaw drops in ecstasy.

He casts an enchant on his dick, it glows purple.

Who needs the other spells? The one true power was all it needed.

Cum dripped out his cock, vapor and smoke is rising from the tip, the heat of it now radiates.

He casts barrier, and the room vanishes, sensory deprivation. His pulsing, oozing, steaming cock grazes the heap of flesh once a woman's buttocks, and it quivers as she climaxes. Her voice raises to a high octave showing her fearful surprise how immensely happy it made her.

He looks carefully, overcoming the overwhelming power just long enough to think. She's the titmouse he's already slept with. His one corrupt-looking hand smooths over her swollen breasts. Her mouth goes wide. She nods and her breasts jiggle. He can clearly see her anus twitch in anticipation for him and he slides right in. Her voice tells another story like he's fucking the daylights out of her.

The dolphin lover lets out a single drawn-out "oh" halfway between crying and moans, and they vanish. The corrupt Adventurer's sperm pours out while watching it. This climax feels just like when the angel grasped him coitally the first time, no not at all like the second, not having relieved himself for months was like this, he definitely needed to feel this again. He closes his eyes and feels it consume him. Should it last forever, he won't regret a thing. He opens his eyes minutes later, the woman beneath him is done for, he can't describe the mess of enchanted cum, he sees his dick moving inside a female form. His kegal flex squeezes his urethra tight pressing the rest of his cum out. There's plenty more.

One passes out while he fucks her. Another returns magically, some substance and blue energies pour out of her mouth, cum in her vagina escapes slowly beading in a large teardrop a the exit. Cum drips out of both their asses.

He moves to the next. This must be a challenge. He penetrates this goddess. He aimed to pleasure her just like her two acquaintances. She was actually quite striking from any angle, and his dick was immediately in her creamy female entrance, deep dog dicking her. She came immediately and smacked herself gently against his hips rather than letting him tease her. Her amazing ass is jiggling at the impact. Her thin waist beckons to be explored, so he feels her body up and down. Amazing, is this really possible? She cums again and again, making him forget about the stream of sperm he's pouring into her, her enjoyment permeates his consciousness. He gropes her butt at first spreading it, diving deeper. Then he puts his weight on her back and feels her breasts. His abs flex and he lets out his own deep moan at the sensation, he recuperates for a moment and tries again. His orgasm overwhelms him. There's a power within her, and his body is assaulted with such delicious sensations. He loses himself when he tries to touch her breasts. Who was enjoying it more? It was hard to tell. He'll excavate her insides, there won't be a secret left when he's done.

He pulls out to chant, she turns around, smiling wildly, touching her own tits. They look so soft. She pushes them against him slowly. He finishes chanting, her hand reaches down and strokes his cock, his cum squirts out a puddle as though on command. She gets down and delivers a spectacular blowjob. She lets go and his sperm covers her face generously before she proceeds to continue drink directly from the tap. She's like an Egyptian goddess. She sucks it while her mouth overflows with his sperm onto her tits. Corrupt purple energy emanates from him making her enjoy it all the more. She tries to swallow his cock entirely and all the cum entering her mouth, her throat bulges and she slips her tongue out to cram it all in, there's a sheet of saliva and stuff coming out of him going from her chin to between her tits while she holds her hands together. She raises her tits to surround his penis like a chalise and smiles dazzlingly as cum blows from her overflowing throat down her tits and up into her face. Immense quantities overflow both the chalise she formed and her cupped hands. 

She turns around on her knees too excited to wait. He gets on top behind her, the energy flows into her even before he connected, her tears swell up and her pussy waters, she orgasms, and her tongue lolls out her mouth. Her eyes are wild with mania. He enters her pussy while she's flexing from the orgasm, he can see her ass looking incredibly happy next to the power of Dick within her. He gropes her tits with one hand, he can feel them now, they can't be real. He grinds himself into her, inside her, and erupts one more impossible flow of cum into her womb, she squeals with delight. And when the cum finally tops off her womb, her belly swells like she was made for it. She's allowing him to keep going as long as he likes and the thought of her body being ruined, relying on him to take care of her from then on, it's all he needed to make his next decision.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C6, Scene 9: The Calling[/size][/u]

He uses his magicks to recover and ventures on with his three new fiancees.

Although their pregnant look wore off, he understood the natural process took much longer. They have their clothes on, but he can see the crack of their tits, and their bas-relief bellies he sculpted with arcane powers suggested they weren't completely emptied. It feels so good to know, to see his work affect them.

A tentacle grabs the woman with missile tits. Stupid temple booby-traps. She happily takes it for the group. Her body is covered by the cum and she lets the tentacle slide down her throat.

The man was too slow to stop it but he rushed over to pull her off while she stared into his eyes.

He still can't understand the women here. What did it mean? Even after they met, she was slave to any phallic thing inside her?

They venture into a room full of heavily pigmented natives, some have inked skin and tattoos too making the true color of their skin a mystery.

He lets the women rest at the door. He examines a mural and his mind wanders.

Long ago, the old god was prophesized. A man, skin as hard as stone. He has sex with every woman he meets. There's no end to his physical prowess. He'll imbue others with his strength. They will in turn have sex with others. The cycle will last forever, the morally flexible humans unable to fight.

So, it was foretold in image. There's nothing written he could possibly understand.

He finds a scroll depicting creatures, he already knows about this. They insert, cum, and teleport. There are images of creatures in the dimension screwing women, impregnating, and parasitizing them. A woman appears in an alternate realm. Inside awaits a blue spectral creature, decidedly male. She bats her eyes and climbs inside him. His insides fill her up just right and violate her, stirring her up and cumming out through her throat and mouth.

That's probably good to avoid.

His mind returns to the now and sees an orgy. His girlfriends appear to be taking huge loads of cum onto their faces from the native men, and oddly the native women too. "Get up it's time to go." He drags the most beautiful off immediately. The crowd is too deep, his other two girlfriends are kissing many women. Cum pours out of one's mouth. He takes some interest as they begin sucking her teat, the stuff spreads around her body. Then they tie her and the other up.

They took turns filling the captives with copious quantities of their seed. A womb was all they seemed to require. His mates have become breeding stock derived from female milkmaids. He thinks pagan is a suitable term now, but he can't really denounce the culture of impregnating women. The temple was a Paleontological find at this point, he's an Archeologist, he likes looking at old things almost as much as he liked watching this.

He knows when he's been beaten. He wants to try, but he mustn't. The stragglers in bondage were actually quite happy to be living sex dolls. He moves on with just the one ephemeral beauty he was holding onto. Can't be too greedy. One betrothed wife is enough, and a goddess at that.

There's another large chamber, like the last. This one has a coal pit in the center. He spots a mural. The women approach. 
He sees the pink of their flesh, "The tough kind of dames."

No matter, he casts E' on himself and his fiancee. She chants her own spell, noiselessly. Aether grabs the advancing women who cry out momentarily before their mouths are filled with flapping blue ejaculating fronds with their tears streaming out their eyes. No doubt they came too fast and hard to resist. His dick was hard of course, but he also has the strength to resist and concentrate on his surroundings. Let his companion do the work.

Reading the mural. There's a god of fertility. Well, compared to the last god, this one's not so ambitious. He screws women, covers them in pools of mindbogglingly sensational cum, then grants some meager power to the worshipping natives for helping him.

He returns to the sight of the women being held, titillatingly, towards the pit of fire. He watches as each one is fucked by blue tentacles in their ass and pussy while they're cumming. Each thrust puts their sweaty cum-faces dangerously close to singing in flame, and oh boy they sang. They blew like pipe organs for dear mercy.

He cajoles, "Why are you like this? You're nuts. Let them out unharmed."

Annoyed, his genie allows some freedom to the slaves.

She grabs one more and presses the captive's face into her pussy while she unloads something unwomanly down her throat.

The captive, her pussy melts with the flames causing it to glint in the light. A blue tentacle exits her ass and makes a little swish lapping at her cunt slowly before slipping out of sight.

Maybe this isn't just a really hot, magical woman he's led along. She's also an extraordinarily devious magical woman.

He takes her hand, she obediently follows. He's aware of how hard his penis is but he wants a moment alone, and not one of these orgies they keep encountering.

Another chamber, another mural to be examined. The women here are weak-looking.

He turns to his girlfriend and tells her, "I want you to be on your best behavior. No. Don't harm them."

He examines the mural, his imperative is to hit it. At this point he's fed up with all the surprise goddesses taking him on.

"That's the guy, uh, girl. He, she, tried to fuck me with the angel." What was he mad about?

Behind him, there's some kind of struggle. The women are on top of his large-breasted girlfriend, their green glowing eyes unblinking, like spiders controlling a fly.

"I know she's beautiful, but she's dangerous. Girls. Uh. Missus. Dame. Excuse me."

One looks back and exposes her cunt to him. It's really nothing compared to the beauty, but there's something to be said for novelty. Concerned by the change in the mood he moves in and wrests them off the woman of his dreams. She's not awake. They've tied her to wooden posts with her knees up exposing her.

"What did you do?" He demands the group, "Explain."

They turn their heads to deny it all, innocently their wicked lying faces deny everything he just saw. There's some kind of power beneath their mask of harmless frailty.

Seeing that goddess dominate the other room, he thought they'd have time alone and now she's a living sex doll. It's a real turn-on actually. He needed to relieve himself a half hour ago.

He grabs one by the wrist, she's so slender and doesn't offer resistance.

"Please don't." She yells.

He felt all the pent-up frustration exit him into the tip of his cock and he wanted this woman after she spoke despite her slim and dislike of his touch. He turns her to see her little pussy, her butt can't even cover it she's so thin.

Unbuckling, he tells her, "You showed it to me, and now you want to stop. I have this for you to consider."

He chants a buff to enjoy his full-powered erection and he shoves all the way into the sensation and sound of her whole body shuddering.

He has a moment to recognize he was doing something very nasty to a young harmless woman before her contracting pussy becomes completely slick. "Uh," he came, he eyeballs his fiancee. It takes just a few seconds before he overflows his mate, half a minute before finishing. The rough sensation of pleasure he felt pumping her for several seconds afterward while his dick is sensitive is the best part.

"NO!" she screams after he's already done it, but her cunt says, 'yes, the harder the better daddy, my body hates rest'.

She bays like a wolf while he takes it out.

He takes the next girl and repeats the act, she conks out when he nuts.

Having them all, one by one, each screaming as he bored into them, and when they climaxed, he thinks he's satisfied.

But then again, there was another. His girlfriend is tied up. Propped up like a sex doll, her knees in the air and she's ready. Perfectly angled for penetration. He goes in and cums inside her.

The blue goddess saw the man who brought her attempt to coerce the women to play with her. He undid his belt and fumble the words to a chant, which failed, he came to their handjobs while they pretended to hate it. Then he looked at her tied-up body with his empty eyes and fucked her.

She loves it. He's gone now. She's a sex toy surrounded by devilish little women. They continue subduing her into a sultry edge with long tongues flicking her skin and nasty little whispers of fantasy in her ear forcing her to think. What she'd give right now for a cock down her throat, or rough hands groping her tits, she can close her eyes and feel them. Eventually, someone will rescue her.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C6, Scene 10: Lucky[/size][/u]

For what purpose is this place? Isn't this like a colosseum?

"Hi."

Someone from behind, a woman's voice. It's her, that Amazonian hack he mistook for an entrepreneur.

She says, "I found you. Now I'll fuck you."

Two angels stand on either of her sides, red and white wings.

They unwrap, revealing their goods.

They're wearing matching lingerie of different coloration, the matching color of the wings and hair. Nothing is covering the fun bits, only framing those erogenous locations. Waist cinchers, quarter cup bras that are way too small, frilled garter belts, and sandals that left their toes bare, nothing holding them on. Their red lipstick and nails are also done up extra for effect. Red-colored irises between their puffy smokey eyelids glow. Their puffy pink nips point straight up like teardrop masts on the side of a boat; Boat titties. They have similar hair styles, long, curled, done up in front with a fancy loop sticking upwards like a wheel, the rest is tied in a tail up in the back so both their necks are completely exposed.

Yes, yes, he thinks, the one in red, she's taller than before. Maybe. The resemblance is striking; the other in white, a matching pair alike.

There's an eruption, like the temple is about to fall apart.

Not good, he thinks, that sound was coming from everywhere.

The tentacles from the temple converge on their location.

To his still untrained mind, the world of dangerous witches and cockmastering superhuman damsels gets turned upside down. The three women are objects played like percussive instruments in front of him. With a loud crack and smash of limbs they're subdued and captivated by the god of the temple. Soon they're a display of erotic art, still pristine, still so beautiful, gracing his eyes in all their glory. In the moment that followed, deleriously kinky noises emerged, and what a glorious view.

The illusion shatters as they are molested.

Dread looks too distracted to fight back as her pussy gets rubbed by a very delicate touch. Her face paints an image of a woman desperately climaxing.

The two angels have their bodies pressed together and they shriek. Each time their tits collide they excitedly shake their arms and legs and squeal. When their pussies directly touch together they pull their head back, their hands reach up knocking their tits away and go wild-eyed. Their faces are forced together, their tongues connect and roll around, like a fight neither can win. They're bawling, crocodile tears, they're faking orgasms while kissing, and their bodies tremble. Their arms are by their sides, and more tentacles take them, holding them behind their backs. Their wings have folded in back and aren't unfurling. Each time their clits connect they appear to climax.

The perverse tentacles slip the hardened commander in between them tightly, it looks excruciating. She tries to command them but the angels take turns thrusting into her, stimulating her clit to orgasm. She wouldn't give up but is soon in dire straights. Dread can't fight and submits to the rough sultry treatment.

They're piled up so the onlooker can see the three women ooze from pleasure. He quietly enjoys, in a vitriolic way, watching Dread getting fucked mercilessly.

Her dick reveals itself like she lost control of it. The forward angel only needed a moment to reorient herself and with amazing accuracy her pussy swallowed her General's ribbed cock. The dickgirl orgasms for a very long time after a single thrust. The angels do their thing. Dread climaxes for as long as someone with infinite libido can, which may very well be forever.

The adventurer wasn't quite ready for this.

He skirts around the room. There's a door in back.

Inside, a woman fucks someone very slowly, her ass facing the door. Her body moves like a sensual dance. The tanned man from outside sees the tender act and gets a closer lok.

"This is, this is it. It's the place." The explorer knew, he found the prostate.

A load of cum pours out of the woman, and the one below swivels his hips and thrusts. After all this time, he's still in that ridiculous posture with his cock pointed straight up. A fountain of jelly and thick frothing ejaculate expell from the woman's uterus, her internal cumshot overflowing and spilling to the floor.

"Do you have something for me?" The adventurer asks.

The woman dismounts allowing streams of gluey white between her and the dance partner to stretch out and bow to gravity, behind that woman with a complete look of satisfaction.

Behind the??!?...

The man's dumbfounded. He can't believe he's seeing that, as it exits the woman, it looked half the width of her. And then behind that massive thing, of all things he never expected to see, is a man with healthy black skin, boyish charm, and a flat face like a carefully bred housepet.

One man enters, two men exit. They have a special bond, so to speak.

They discover a delicacy waiting.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C6, Scene 11: Heavenly Frosting Vixen Cherry Angel Boobcake[/size][/u]

Three beauties in layers like a cake from the top, white wings, arms behind back bound by black strands. With knees bend they have exposed asses and pussy wet with girlcum. Their swollen clits are like cherry berries being plucked. Their three pairs of legs bound, clit touching clit, pussy, ass, pussy, ass. And red feathers below.

Their hands are at their sides. The two angel's tits stick out to the side. Big fat red swollen melons. Their nipples are like charries sticking out to the sides.

The men go to the other side to see. Around, to the top of their heads.

The women's faces are so pretty, the angels are making out with Dread, who's laying on her large breasted angel, while the other's tits are mashed against hers. Their lips are raw and red, their brightly swelling lips and smoldering eyelids resemble more delicious treats. With the angel's hair and wings topping it with white they're a big fluffy angel food cake tied together with some black string.

The two men joining seem to be hot and bothered. Their mutual understanding didn't falter. They proceed to fondle the women's faces and tits until they're satisfied.

The bound up cake's looking to them for some affection.

One man with a rugged muscular build chants. Pulling down his pants, his cock already hard, it grows, and precum spills. A pleasure for the viewing receptacles, to be sure, the curruptive energy seething at the tip of it could be felt immediately. He places it at the corner of a woman's face.

The angel closest to tasting his milk mewls and snarls playfully, she can only beg for it until he's ready.

The other need no such thing, his dick forever shall be corrupted by the prostate of E. His corrupted dick is almost a quarter his height in length, it has writhing legs like a millipede on either side that flares out from the tip down to his ballsack, its chords and veins stick out like its flexing with tremendous force, his clothes don't come close to covering it.

Dread's been distracted by her partners the whole time.

The women are already such a mess, but there's more the duo of lust-filled men can do here.

The dancer presses his cock between two faces. The vixen warrior refrains, notably disturbed by something else, and his cock grinds against her soft face. The angel facing down stops kissing Dread and happily laps at the cock head, it still has that soft bulbous feature at the tip it's sensitive and gives her what she wants.

The other sticks his throbbing knob down the remaining girl's throat with her head tilted back. Her orgasmic gurgling was a pleasure to his ears. From this position, the two men came as much as they liked, covering the faces of the three beauties.

Unbeknownst to Dread, she was the focus of the men's attention.

She's to blame. She's the reason I'm like this. The ancient scourge felt their ferocity as cum glazes her lips. Their focal point of cumshots gradually narrowing down to all being on her.

The dancer revels in power. Delivering juicy payloads. Dread was comically incapable of resistance. Cum on her eyes and face as much as they liked and she took it while angels licked it off.

They go to the lower half. The angels kept working at the middle, curdling her nethers the whole time. Their frothing pussies were absolutely glazed over including her own. The creamy center in a frosted angel cake.

Now it's his time. The bukkake god takes them.

Targeting their faces. They're forced to pleasure tentacles orally, and a load of frothy stuff crackles around Dread's face like soda pop as it covers hers and the angels. The coat of white hides their breasts, completely hiding their features, and covering their bodies. Cum runneth out their assholes as sperm pours down their gullets, squelching, tentacles plunging deep. Dread is able to force them and the payloads out with her inner strength, but the tentacles wrapped around the angels tits make them lose concentration, and the tentacles make way through, exiting their assholes, only resting for a moment, then immediately going back in the way they came out followed by more creampies and cum pouring out in milky streams.

Finished, for the time, the women are neatly piled back up with newly deposited frosting every layer. The angel on top is turned around, and when she thrusts into the face of her leader she delivers her girlcum all over that ridiculous gooey vixen's face. Exquisite.

An ancient with exquisite taste. Not once, but twice a layer of cake for them to devour.

A cock like the dancer's, next to three beautiful orifices that aren't prepared, covered in frosting, it wriggles around excitedly feeling the folds and skin next to it like it has a mind of its own until he puts it in the angel, her white hairs stand on end as her cunt eagerly lets him in. She lets out a very good sound. When he flexes his cock it extends its own pair of wings. The few feelers outside her go wide, the ones inside pull the woman's entrance apart and the fluids pour out onto Dread's unprotected face.

The desert vixen's wriggling her body, trying to break free of the large restraining tentacles. Were she to mate with greater force, or to escape if she succeeded, it's hard to tell.

The dancer pulls out, the soft look of it billowing out much wider than anyone has reason to be prepared to see, it's exciting for the ones watching just beneath. The fronds support the shaft. They scrape the insides of the receptacle as he exits playing with it as they exit. They're quite capable.

Without her armor, she's very flexible, he remembers well.

He sticks his snake down into the throat of Lust and the sensation of such an awful way to mate her is very satisfying, almost as much as shooting its full load of venom inside. Ichor runs out her mouth. He can see her throat flex, drinking up all that toxic stuff. She starts squealing and gurgling with sudden immense intensity and the feeling of her choking on it. He's satisfied. Now his girl has a taste for him.

He takes it out and tries out the ass being unwillingly presented to him. Perhaps feeling his intent, white wings flap, and some kind of enraged 'egrrr' comes out the other end like a snarling dog. Her anus was tricky for the thing, but a little butthole wasn't ready for his almost god-like stuff. She's almost completely hairless except the ridge of her anus. Tentaculum shoot their way in with lubrication they inject preceding them, the serpent slipped right in after. The oils generously lubricating the orifice spill out. The feelers attempt to guide as much back in as possible and they also find purchase in the face below getting covered in their love juices.

He tilts his head back at the new sensation. The anal. An angel's sphincter. If he thought about hurting her, his cock would not dare betray this feeling. He could feel her anatomy, it was not the same as a human. Her stomach let his cock in, and he spread out inside her to cum as much as he liked.

On the other side, the rugged man enjoyed watching an angel's face in throws of passion. He felt her with his hand until he was hard again. He'd be a fool to overlook her so sensitive emotions while there was another guy drilling into her from behind.

He wanted a more primal dish. He felt the pussy that betrayed him and pressed his cockhead into her. Dread completely stops any entry into her. Not even the god before them could overpower her domain.

"You can't stop it."

After fucking the angel, this spelunker was going to impregnate the woman he despised. But that isn't happening so easily.

Denial was something a woman was allowed, he still thought so.

He felt for her clit with his hand even though he saw it, it's swollen red, a very easy mark. He fingers her pussy. He also feels the angel's below to compare. He feels the nub, a small bush of hair, red lingerie touching his palm.

Wings, he thinks, just like the others. Was this really an angel?

And the moment he put one finger close to her entrance, her body thrust towards it forcing his middle finger in knuckle deep.

"Ah!!" he gave a small shout.

An astounding grip pinches the base of his finger, but only hard enough he couldn't pull out. The suction of a vacuum tries to milk something out of him, widening his veins. His skin becoming sensitive, there are other sensations at the tip, something's made it in, feeling the nail bed. Strokes of unseen works find and guide the flow of blood along his tendons, what could have been mistaken for his urethra was massaged quickly and the master of male ejaculation ended her intricate dance in a final flick, like a tongue slipping from base to tip tripping every single signal of pleasure along the way.

His hand returns to him, but his fingers are twitching out of his control. His throbbing nerves settle slowly.

Intoxicating. Deadly. He tells himself. The women aren't willing to rest. They aren't as helpless as they seem. Even laying on their backs they might as well be devils. In that case, I'll take the next step.

He takes out a whip and snaps it with incredible accuracy on Dread's clit. He can't hear much of a response.

She does cry from his abuse. Her voice is muffled in an overflowing throat pie she can only gurgle her response. On the other side, he can clearly see the speed at which her lower muscles contract and the juice squirts out of her vulva. Her cup runneth over and it spilled over her anus onto the devil below.

Sensing the wet seed still in it, the angel reflexively angled herself to catch it in her own pussy.

Trying not to dwell, reveling in his dirty work, he presses his finger against her clit again, sure she was still feeling it. One way or the other, she came back for him, so he'd make her 'cum' for him.

He stuffs the angel's face above into the pink witch's pussy, the sound of her lips slapping at the wetness. He rubs his cock between the pairs of lips pressed together, to enjoy using their bodies. What a load it was once he finished. He drenched her nethers and the angel digs into her clit to suck. It's possible a warlord will still take his seed today.

The men move aside and have a little inquiry.

"Does your culture have angels and devils?" The Adventurer asks.

The other man nods, and a mischievous smirk emerges from him, "Which would you rather fuck?"

Another dance will follow, the men agree on it. The man who believed in angels lifts one off Dread, her arms still bound. And the other gets another equally rare mate.

"Together."

The angels touch together, recognizing they were being brought to a dangerous task, their faces show some sense of fear. They don't quarrel. Two boats passing in the night.

The men holding their forearms drag them back slightly, slipping into them. From this position their faces are close, staring directly together. The men take them from behind, the energy entering them.

All anyone can think is how wonderful it felt.

"Together?" Nod for yes.

They step forward pushing the two angels together holding their arms. Breasts together, hard nipples head-on, it's amazing, the Adventurer saw it earlier and he didn't believe it. The angels can't handle contact with eachother. Their sticky faces press together.

The image is unbearable not only for men but the god looming near them.

They lose control for some time as their boats collide, the angels wriggle and squeal from the tickle, or maybe a sort of orgasm, it's hard to tell. They fight by shoving their asses back into the men, and each time they recognize it was a mistake. Their tits move too fast and touch, their fate to cum just from devouring their prey.

Their wings are held together folded down below their waist while taking their mates from behind. It's very easy to see another angel across from behind the other, to the men's delight.

"Get them closer."

They push the women forward while they fight until their clits collide. Their bodies are jittering like there was a motor chugging between them.

It's like that, the dude with a hat's remembering, they fucked each other in this position.

Like it's pure instinct. They cum as hard as possible trying to press their clits together and escape the touch of another angel. Their wings remain held down, the instinct to mate surpassing their aversion to this contact.

The dancer just wants to fuck both the holes. He lets go of the woman's arms to spread her ass with one thumb digging in, pulling it open. She lets out a yelp. He can feel her anus flex. However, this lets her arms go, she holds the other's face and cram her cute little tongue down her friend's throat. She holds the other, their breasts stop swaying, and she's able to lean forward separating their clits, a trail of something really nice and sticky connects them at the waist.

The adventurer observes the trained muscles of the woman in front of him. Amazingly, they produce so much force with so little. What kind of sensory organs do they use to determine he's about to? Smack! The woman's ass is all he sees as his cock is engulfed the instant he felt good, forcing his cum into her. Imagine all that work she put into stimulating his finger, working its magic on his pecker in that instant, only his ejaculation overpowered the stimuli to the point it was all he felt.

The women look back to their prey, cum was what they crave. They were like hawks giving fellatio to field mice. It will end, devoured. The men are losing it, it's too good, they grip the hips of two heavenly creatures and fuck like kings. The second angel's arms are free, and they hang down uselessly. Any accidental movement would be costly. An intense shock or orgasm could ruin either's concentration. Why risk it?

In the distance, an uncomfortably cute girlish voice shouts, "Don't think you've won."

Who was she speaking to? The two men release their mates to look up. 

It's that confounded woman. She gets up and runs towards the door saying that.

The angels remain stuck like glue in place with their tits docked, their tongues are held out working to hold them there as much as their hips were. Every moment waiting to swallow the seed of Adam in a big gulp. Only one of their arms were up keeping them steady.

A helping hand comes to them in the form of a big fat tentacle invasion.

They're shoved back together while huge prehensile phalli squeeze between their tits grope them with hands and encircle their bodies. Hands claps against them and hold their ankles. Massive wads of cum deposited over their nude flesh. The speed they vibrate together with their tits and clits fondled makes them blur. If anything could confuse their instinct it was the infinite skeet being shot in ropes like party favors along their privates and through the middle where they touched repeatedly.

The god E' wants more.

His monstrous body begins distributing more energies throughout. He draws them in, they connect with him, he can touch them. In his hands, their breasts are kneaded like teats being milked. They're like sows in bondage getting bred by a bull.

His dick is finally erect. All his limbs were formidable, at the ready, this one makes the air condense causing warped light around it. There's a rattling noise like rain and a crash of thunder when his precum exits. His cock prelubed. Cold dew beads along the shaft and rains down.

He sticks it in the white angel. His hands clasping her udders and flattening them against the ropy limbs he had encumbering her. Her breasts stretch, her nipples expand like puffy balloons.

A cry of despair escapes the white 'true' angel while penetrated. His corruptive energies force her to orgasm against her will. The molestation of her tits prevent her from fighting in the slightest. The heat of the tip of his cock warmed her belly and the cool shaft slipped in after causing her to shiver as her lower mouth wrapped around unwilling to give it up.

While he's playing with one, his enormous tentacle cock forms. It finds its way to the other. Her pussy goes to work. He cums non-stop until his main phallus finishes in earnest. The body of his initial mate stops vibrating from climax while thrusting against the pervader of flesh and tits.

He gets on all fours. His body undulates, continuing to fuck them both.

He shoves his tongue down the red angel's throat and cums gallons onto her face and filling her belly while they remain quietly having sex. He gropes her tits like the first, her funbags distort and expand.

Red in the heat of fucking with a giant continues to spasmodically revolt, slapping her clit against the other, causing both girls to go off in one big blowout climax against their will.

One very horny slut named Pink lets out her own yell of despair at the sight.

Missing out on that, she cuts around the corner out of view. She finds a hiding spot and masturbates allowing the rest of his cum to finish its work on her.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C6, Scene 12: Heaps of Fortune[/size][/u]

Some time has passed.

In one half of the world, a man and a woman join. There's a perfectly well-made bed in a moon-lit room, and they are doing it on a chair.

It's like the first time they met. She can't believe he was there all that time. Her unprotected curves encircle his dick and she twists about like a hurricane struggling with the beast within. She's always been hoping to feel him like this again.

The man takes control and does his own special move, his dick twists and twirls inside with a mind of its own as the flesh around tries to cave in. His skill, especially while sitting, has reached heights nobody ever will, second brain stuff.

She can tell, holy shit he's even better than she is now.

They fuck like that on a creaking chair until their primal urge is relieved.

The woman stands up, cum pouring out. Even with her armor removed, she can't do anything about wasting his cum.

She gets down and sticks his lively dick in her mouth and its happy ridges partly wrap around her face touching her ears and sliding up her nose causing a very human sneeze and wet eyes to finish him off. His stuff came out of her nose. He's not ejaculating from the tip, his cum pours out of every frond and feeler on him.

It's like she's addicted to his cum after he forced her to drink it. This much discomfort was ok for another shot of it in her. The guy's happy to screw Dread in her ass soon after, with her enthusiastically consenting until the very end. She pops the big question mind-fucking him mid-anal when she felt his full mast stretch her insides.

"Now that I gave you everything. Where are you hiding the wonderful prostate?"

Silence resumes for all but the slap and grind of her ass.

"Still not going to tell me? Then I'm going... to... have... you... try... something else. Unnnhuuh! You made me. I came!" She sigh in a high pitch.

She's done, but they keep going until he fills her with cum.

She opens the door and whistles. In walk an entourage of women. Tanned desert vixens, scandalously revealing suits of metallic armor. Amazons. Redheads.

"For the rest of your days—" she announces.

He thinks, this must be something big. Wasn't there a tell in her voice? The women he's been having sex with love to play tricks. What is she up to?

"These women will interrogate in my place," she finishes.

The entourage allows someone to the front. Out walk two angels red and white hair holding a champagne bottle each. The clothing color-coordination is reversed, the red-haired one's wearing white and vice-versa. Looking at Red, the lingerie is a sheer nightgown. It won't touch her breasts as usual. It stops above the navel. There's a colorful tattoo between her navel and clit. She's smooth-shaven even on her front now. Everything's visible straight through the silk panties which are simply thongs. Anal beads hang out behind them. Every colored iris in the room aimed at him, suddenly intensifying his interest. The two winged beauties up close offer silver platters for him to see closer.

The one in red looks incredibly smug, the one in white is almost disgusted.

"Excuse me," Pink had something to tell him. "They'll become tame when you pierce their nipples with these," betrays the ancient conniver.

The secret out. The two women's faces blank. Pink became giddy like she couldn't help it. All the nipples in this room were erect, a detail he was just brought to. He could see through the sheer clothes of the tribe and a few of them were breathing faster. The powerful women who could mate him properly were much closer, but the ones in back couldn't resist the mere suggestion of the commander's laughter.

The white angel looks upset now, "Please don't, we're perfectly capable of servicing any master. If you do that, we can't—"

"Don't say it!" The other interrupts.

The man gropes at sacred tits. He squeezes an angel's breast for the first time and she almost drops her plate. He wasn't trying for either one specifically. White hair delicately flowing up behind her with her hair raising, her wings in the shape of a tail jerk up and down creating quite a draft.

She can't tell what's on his mind. Doesn't she expect to have sex with him soon? In his service, tit fondling was perfectly natural.

This is what he's thinking. There are two angels. Their puffy pink nips point straight up like totems. Isn't there a game that children still play where he came from? Climb a tall pillar and grab the ring.

He takes the first piercing in his other hand.

He ought to know the difference between 'tame' and 'wild' at least.

Dread is covering herself, her finger presses into her clit. 

He's already doing it so suddenly. White couldn't fight her own reaction.

"O-h-o fu-ck," White says.

While saying that she breathed in accidentally and her throat caught on her own saliva, forcing her to swallow repeatedly.

He threads the glinting ring once through her nipple and it clicks in place.

Her tit strains, pulling upwards and back, higher, the nipple swelling to almost double size. The process resembles a confectionary masterpiece rising. The swollen mound of her areolae strains at such an inclination her nipple tilts wholly backward. The pink surrounding perch turns pastel with only the areolae freckling the mound.

He thinks he felt 'it' move, in his pants from such a provocative sight, he'll cum between them soon.

The face of a tame woman is incredibly red, her eyes are redder, her iris is absolutely ablaze staring with amazement.

"Ah. The other?!" She elated.

What was that? The dancer wonders. She was sounding excited. What's going to happen when he does the other?

He reads the room. The red angel is covering her own mouth. Was she enjoying her friend getting broken? Dread put up her left arm both her hands closed around her own nipples, as if aware she was in danger of becoming a target. She's afraid, she's aroused. He thinks she's wondering, 'did he get any ideas?' Her finger is pressing into the edge of her own areolae. Her right nipple fully exposed and white hard. In fact, many women are starting to edge, like they weren't just there to punish the angels, but there was something else. Weren't the women here so that he'd do this for them?

He holds the next nonpareil in his hand, so delicate it deforms to the shape of his fingers. She tilts her head back sticking out her clavical like it's an intensity she can't handle. White hair flowing down her back.

Hold on. Did she? He asks, "You came? What's going on with your breasts?"

As if nobody thought of it. He feels like he needs to have sex again soon, too soon to finish this. His attention returns to the divine orbs before him, nipples pronounced. A pair of women presenting him the objects of her own demise. He twerks the other engorged nipple, now so perverse it defies description, the areolae stick out like they're glowing red and purple and she makes little mewling noises.

He should suck on this one to his heart's content before he uses it in other ways. He'll finish inside her again while she's still half-tame. The wild ones are expecting a show.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C6, Scene 13: Inheritance[/size][/u]

In the other half of the world, a rugged man hands this 'thing' to the uncle, the mansion owner's nearest relative.

It's kind of like... you know what bunny ears look like?

"If you touch it," he says, hesitating a moment, "don't shove it up your ass. You'll be a fuckboy." And to emphasize this point, there's a dickpic from the dancer whose age is really a mystery at this point. "Do you want it to look like this?"

The man he's talking to showing signs of his age. He slides a drawer full of Doujinshi shut and nods as if to show he understands, or agrees, or was that a 'yes indeed'.

Whatever the implication was, the treasure hunter is going back to his harem, he's set for life.

The old man sits down at his desk. He has his secretary in a bunnygirl suit file it for him in the library after the benefactor left. He stares at her big round bottom as she walks way. The fate of mankind was to fuck like the animals they love so dearly. There are so many beautiful girls fucking everywhere. With his wife out of town he would have to make do.