Continuing from pink alignment
Transhumanism


[u][size=115]Study Buddies[/size][/u]

Back in the present. Having just read that, the master of the house exits the study thinking, I need a sock down my pants, there's going to be a stain.

He's surrounded by women seducing him endlessly with their amazing body shapes, he stops every few seconds to stare at them.

"Ah, here it is."

His pulsating cock seethes with corrupted energy. "This is the life my uncle left for me, I should make the most of it."

There's a woman placing books high on the shelves while she stands on a ladder. He can see her taught ass flex as she moves.

"Hold it right there."

He says to her. The crease of her ass, he can practically imagine what it must feel like.

"Don't move."

She stands still. She must have believed it was meant for her. He takes out his cock and rubs it against the back of her leg, a glob of thick jelly produces onto her upper calf. He can't stand it, he pulls down her pants. Her panties are there, he pushes them aside and shoves his face in with a loud splat. Another woman reading a book exclaims "Oh!" He glances over with a really stank look and sees her look away.

He 'helps' the woman down from the ladder and takes her right there standing while facing each other. "You can't imagine how damn good this feels," he tells her. After reading the book so long, her fertile moist vagina is being sewn by one so horny, impeccably virile. His dick is corrupt and boiling over cumming into her. It doesn't need to make sense. His seed spills onto the floor, the woman he just came inside turns and bends over spreading her butt.

He wakes up in the study.

"A wet dream?"

He'll need to wear three socks from now on or he'll look silly. He retrieves the prostate, its corrosive magic even now permeates this library. There it is, sealed in a curio. His first thought was to become a fuckboy right away, but on second thought he better not, there's nobody around. Being a fuckboy with sluts surrounding you is one thing. Being a dispenser of infinite loads of cum with nobody there to receive them is a fresh hell if he's ever heard of one.

He scours the mansion for another clue, another chapter.

Found a page. He gets seated, removes his shoe, and...

*****
[hr]

[u][size=130]Chapter 7, Title: Daughter of Charity[/size][/u]

[u][size=115]C7, Scene 1: The Sadistic Guardian[/size][/u]

Dread chants something with nine points and Zeth's name. A titan emerges.

He's sort of like a giant beetle with armor and stands unsteadily on his legs. The way he was able to walk was a mystery. Rippling white muscles with red bloodlines are exposed between armored red plates. The mouth on this thing looked like it could open to expose his entire insides. The rest is hidden within.

He grunts to suggest Dread should get good and ready. 

"I'm not here to fuck." She says only to accidentally bow her head without trying to. "You need to keep her there," gesturing at Illmuire's essence.

Her tongue is beckoning to the Pink folds of her nethers tantalizing, cunnilingus for two.

Apparently Dread has picked up some really strange habits.

She's a little annoyed.

"Knock knock," he says.

"What is it? No, I don't—"

"Suck my cock."

Rude and crude. If she ever figured out how he puppeteered her to do such embarassing things she'll pay him back for it.

Two female nuns cover their faces. He laughs. They laugh. He darts a few pink ribbons out around the room and they wrap around the women. Then he guides them into him while opening his maw. They laugh like they lost their mind until they're neatly tucked away in what could only be called his stomach.

Dread's only a little more annoyed. Just like that, he'd eat them.

"Those women are with us, you should give them back."

He pretends to look around, for a crab that amount of emotive pantomime was amazing.

"What women?" He asks.

Although, when he opens his mouth to speak she can see they're getting liberally fluffed and oiled up. Something's put on their head which alarms even Dread. They're trying to be quiet but one laughs and disappears within his folds, reappearing a moment later with her top removed, bent over. Her hands hide her chest shyly.

Pink will have to make an order for more nuns. Something tells her they're going to need way more women.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C7, Scene 2: She Consented[/size][/u]

It begins with a nun, completely indistinct from other women of the cloth. She's walking past the pew and sees a crumpled body of a woman in pain.

She calls out, "Help! There's s a raped and battered woman in the pew." She hurries over yelling, "Help. Help!. There's a vagrant about, look for a trail of blood! She's been peckered. Did anybody see anything?? A woman was raped! Some randy bloodsucker punctured her V-g'eii-ner"

Two portly nuns walk over. "Oh dear, there's been an altercation. You aren't allowed to leave. Escort this woman to her cell."

"Am I a suspect? I called for assistance."

One of them seemed to just roll his eyes. Hers, her eyes, she's pretty masculine looking, "That's what a guilty person would say. All will be revealed in due time. For now, we must investigate this woman for devilry."

Translation, they don't want a third wheel there while they put things up her ass.

They lock the nun who just arrived from another country into a cell.

"Fucking nerds."

Two portly men wearing nun-habits speak.

"Her defiled body was found. Not to worry, we caught the one calling for help before it got out of hand. Let's enjoy this one again, then we'll deal with our suspect in equal measures."

They laugh.

They pull out their cocks.

One bends close to the woman's face, "Do you consent?"

Though tearful eyes, red from crying, the woman nods. She's wearing an onyx necklace, her fingernails are painted black.

"Yes, I'd give everything to feel that again. It's the best, I renounce god. Fuck the holy mother. Fuck the church just put it in me. Please."

They seem satisfied with the yes, their rough hands touch her "...oh god oh god, oh my gaah!" And her last few words are struggling out whilst being screwed out of her mind.

"I have a paddle here. Maybe it's worth spanking her?" The other says with a straight face, "What are we animals?"

They slap her ass with a paddle wearing the nun habits. The natural order of things.

#hair color? how much does the nun habit cover? underwear? stockings? oh... right
In the cell, the prisoner holds up her hood. She has amber eyes, call her Amber. She puts her fingers under the hood and gasps. Just a little more. There was a woman who pleasured men in her neighborhood. Just thinking about it her mouth opens, her smile perks up, everything felt so good. Her finger stimulates the pearl and her radiant glow shines, she smiles with the light of the holy ghost in her amber eyes. The deed is done. She lets out a sigh.

Another shorter nun opens the door, she's probably not older than her. She's pretty short. She's most likely younger, Amber's jealous of this girl. Her eyes are yellow?

"Get up immediately. Your stay for trial is over. You're being moved to a more formal chamber for questioning."

Amber holds her hands and tells the young nun the important task at hand.

"This is all a mistake. I must expose the truth about the ravaged woman, and uncover the church's foul deeds. I'd stake my own life on it. Please help me."

The younger one nods, "In that case, you'll stake your ass on it. I'll be right there ass on the line if you aren't in that location soon enough. Come with me."

Amber interjects, "Sisters until the end?"

Then the young nun holds up her cloth hood revealing irises, golden rimmed, golden-haired, although faded in the center, Goldie.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C7, Scene 3: The Bond[/size][/u]

Amber is bothered by the scene, "The body is gone."

Gold tells her, "Taken to a hospital bed."

Amber faithfully recalls, the woman wasn't so badly injured, but she couldn't have left the monastery in that condition.

Amber must find out what is going on immediately. They encounter more nuns along the way gracefully nodding to them.

Amber tries to get their help, "Sisters, we're looking for—" No. Gold touches her arm and shakes her head to silence her.

Goldie explains, "The prisoner is heading to her next juncture. I'm taking her there."

As they exit up a flight to the next floor, Amber and Gold are transported to another parallel plane of existence. An astral plane.

There's a place of worship of some sort. Statues, a penetrated woman, Amber can't look at it for long. Gold seems mesmerized by the woman's physical stature and caresses her face and licks it.

There's a man. His cock is visible. Amber wipes her mouth with a dark sleeve. Gold seems curious but not too fond.

There's a woman similar to Gold in bondage. She has a grateful look like she's actually being mistreated for her enjoyment. Amber distracts Gold and quickly pushes her along.

There's a skinny woman, seemingly under-fed. The woman with actual clothing on, covering her face. They respectfully nod at the woman for her modest look.

A man, they nod at him. Amber squeezes her legs together at the image of a serpent crawling under his shirt and perhaps his flesh. Gold touches the bulge.

"Don't," Amber tells her and shakes her head, not wanting to explain anything.

Gold smiles at her.

A man in a brimmed hat, quite striking. Amber stares for a while and wipes her mouth again. Gold is looking at her curiously when she looks back down at her for a sign. They were finished here.

They reach the end and Amber puts her hand on the flesh-bound book. They return to the material world.

Upstairs.

"This is the place," Gold states matter-of-factly, like, it's finally over.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C7, Scene 4: Oath and Romance[/size][/u]

Goldie unlocks the room she indicated. She opens the door. Her small frame looks cute next to the heavily reinforced wooden door, and she lets Amber go in ahead.

It smelled familiar. There's pained moaning. That's the first thing someone would notice. Amber couldn't help expect to see a hospital.

This must be the woman's recovery bed.

Candles were lit around the room keeping the place passably visible. Indeed there was a bed, but nobody's on it. Some perfumes in the air attempted to cover the body odor and something else. There's a monk and a nun. They beckon to Amber.

"You sit in this chair."

She sits down and rests her arms on it. It's wooden. The door shuts, her friend isn't in the room with her. This isn't right, is it?

Amber suggests, "Have the woman there clear my name and I'll continue investigating."

The monk's response is reassuring, "Just hang on while we finish preparing your bed."

The man's touching her shoulders. A man, she realizes. Oh, it's so good.

Amber deplores, "Thank you. No, you shouldn't. It was so stressful coming all this way. I am of the cloth."

The masseuse puts a little more gusto in and it hurts good. There's a wooden bed to the side, the woman there moves it to the middle of the room.

The woman moved the bed and simply states, "A deep backrub will clean your body of impurities."

The man doesn't speak and helps the traveling nun lie down in the bed, her neck is poorly supported on the flat solid wood but she's ok resting on her arms.

"This is a righteous bed for a sinner, I could sleep now."

"Turn over," says the monk.

She does. He continues to rub her back, removing her clothes.

"I swore not to show my body like this," she weakly protests.

Her corset layers of clothes are still on though. He rubs her back through the clothes. Oh dear, her corset's coming loose on top and chafing, he could tell.

"Here let me get that."

He begins lifting up her silk shirt to unfasten her so the hooks don't scratch her.

"No, it's fine if I do it right?"

He stops and allows Amber to sit up, in order to adjust her corset. This involves her arms going into her shirt and with some elaborate maneuvers her tits were free. The corset came off, she felt naked wearing nothing but a silken undershirt and her bloomers with a man there. The back rub keeps going until she's totally relaxed.

"Turn on your side." She didn't understand. "Pardon?" A backrub is for the back.

"A woman's chest beats with the same heart as man's. Do you feel it? How about you think of it as a heart massage?"

Come to think of it her heart's a pitter-patter.

He's going to touch her. She shifts to her right side on the hard wooden bed. From this angle he could be looking at her figure, the corset gone, she can't hide her excitement building in her. He's going to see her. Her heart's about to be touched by a man. How much cleansing must she endure? He cups her breast and works near her armpit. He's taking his time.

She recalls something about a heart massage.

"You said something about my heart. Don't you have to press harder than that?"

He pushes her breast and squeezes it. "Ooh. Ooh." He puts his hand under her hem. This is uncalled for but a past life returns to her, she'd do something like this for men. She'd take charge. Her blouse slips up over her naval and he rubs his hand there.

"The second part requires you to take your clothes off."

She sits and removes her bottom and top.

"Back on the bed. I'll do you properly."

Thinking, get it over with. I'm now naked. What else can he do? She lies face down. 

She feels it. Now his hands were on her skin directly. Never mind her figure. When he rubs her bottom, he could stare directly into her lust-filled garden. The monk takes off his shirt and his body is covered in oil. He rubs oils onto her. His dick getting harder under his own remaining clothes. He works her lower back. He presses a thumb to her anus, relaxing her, she pushes out in case he decides to go further. Couldn't this all be the imagination of a lewd woman of the cloth? It's her instinct at work, nothing more. She could take charge now. He pours some oil directly on her and works her armpits.

"Get on your side."

He works from her foot to her calve, then her hamstring. He works his fingers between the crack of her butt, she endured it. He could see everything as plain as day at this point, was she attractive? His solid, stretched-out pantaloons implied he thought so. His fingers slip around her modest nipples delivering the oily payload.

"On your other side."

He repeats the process but her vulva tickles like he's playing with it.

She says, "Please do it, a little more and my oath of loving only one man is broken."

Then he put something into her, she only has a moment of pleasure before recalling what she was here for. Was this her penance? His dick pumps in and out of her delivering a sensation she never could truly forget, the craving, the pain. On her side, leg lifted in the air, at the edge of this wooden bed, he screws her until she runs out of energy. Then he lay her on her back and screwed her in missionary. Then he lifted her legs up and she could see his impossibly large penis enter her. In a mating press no less, she climaxed again, he might have come too it's hard to tell. Her sore untouched garden was being torn asunder in broad strokes.

She's helped onto a wooden frame on one side of the room and her arms and legs are bound to it while she rests.

Hanging there for a while, she starts to think this isn't a very normal monastery. There was a client who used to —Gold enters the room to deliver food and respite, having distracted her. The man and woman there have been tickling her, and every few hours force her to climax by putting something in her vagina. Her tits are not unattractive apparently, because the woman often prods them till they're erect. The man's obsessed with putting his thing in her and getting close to her face, rubbing her sore muscles with his hands until she's completely worn out, then he'll let go of her and pretend it meant nothing. And this whole time they're ignoring the poor woman behind her. She's so noisy she must be in dire need.

The two leave the room, some important business. Gold is on watch.

"Free me," Amber says.

"Free us." Someone in the back repeats her.

It surprised Gold. She decides something at that moment and undoes Amber's restraints. She goes over in the back and returns. She's wearing a strap-on. She fucks Amber like that, against the side of the bed and slaps her butt the whole time. The woman behind her, small, but impossible to predict.

Amber says, "It's not happening."

Nearly in tears, amazed at how good it feels to be taken advantage of by the short nun so frequently, Amber cums and it feels like she's fallen for her friend.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C7, Scene 5: Sex Dungeon[/size][/u]

Amber wakes up.

"Free me," she says to Gold.

Embarrassment. The moment of weakness hidden. The gold-eyed girl doesn't have to think long about it and helps her friend.

"Isn't there someone in the back?" Amber asks.

Gold shakes her head.

Gold says, "I watched them doing things to you, I wanted to help you but... don't go back there."

Amber doesn't heed her and looks anyways. There's something big, there's one woman there, a girl, head shaven down like she were a repentant nun. And all her clothes were removed but the belts wrapped around her, her arms, and her legs, and her nipples, to a wooden board between them, she's on a real bed judging by the way she moves on the springs.

Gold tries to stop her, pleading, "Don't wake him up. Don't go back there."

Moving closer, Amber sees the girl, drool slips down out of her mouth. She can't speak can she? She falls down from her risen position, letting out another painful to hear moan.

"Wait, I'll help you down," Amber tells her.

Amber takes her, holding under her armpits. The broken thing doesn't argue but then the bed moves.

"Fuck fuck fuck," the girl in bed says holding Amber back.

The thing behind her moves, it's alive?

The entire thing around her moves. It pulls in its middle, lowering the woman again, tilting a maw that was invisible till now, to point upwards. The head of a woman emerges. She looks ok but she's covered in goop. It leans forward onto the woman bound in leather and the other slides out enough for her breasts to expose. She leans on top of the other. She appears to get stuck on the way out. She's right in front of Amber's face.

On closer inspection, she's produced varicose veins marring her appearance. She can't be much older than her forties.

"Can you pull your arms out? Then I can help pull you out," Amber suggests.

The woman understands and reaches one arm out, there's a number of small fibers stuck on her. Amber's hair gets caught in the other woman's hand when she leans forward. She feels her tongue slide in, and something wraps around the back of her head. The first one she attempted to rescue leans forward until her face is between Amber's tits. She moans again and her stomach growled. The woman is holding Amber too hard towards her face and their lips touch. Was she actually? Something's going in, her head pulling back to get away, the tongue is too phallic and long, below it is the woman's real tongue. So this was something else. It's going in deeper.

"Oh no, no ton't."

The outcome was predictable at this point, something was going in her body. Gold is going to see, for much too long after the realization, their faces connected.

Amber's insides were completely navigated. The monstrosity continues to enjoy the women it already had. She writhed and moaned from something in her, and now one more. Already naked, Amber forgot about her modesty. Now she desperately waited for her exposed ass to finally be relieved of the pressure building up. Something long slides out of her ass surprising the onlooker.

The woman in maw sinks back, her arm is pulled back under, her breasts slip under, and she's taking Amber with her.

Fuck! This is terrifying to her.

Their faces part enough you can see the connecting strand between them again. Mercifully her insides are relived as a big globe-like sac of fluid emerges from her mouth and then gouts of jellied spunk fly out her gullet. The tentacle slowly ascends back in her anus after squeezing out a decent amount of its own. Then it made its way all the way out her throat. It makes a brief stop to tickle the bound woman. This was not something they could deal with. The woman sinks back in completely and the dick demon sits back in its original place.

The woman in belts titters and wails but doesn't fight as the two nuns pull on her. Then escort her out of that place.

A portly nun and monk returning catch them. Naked. They can't do much to fight.

They're brought back in. Powerless. Humiliated at that.

A ring gag is forced into Amber's mouth and she sees Gold shaking her head but once one's equipped to her face is priceless. Belt girl doesn't seem to care. Leather harnesses are put on them tight around their skin. Amber's tits feel like they're being squeezed. They're forced to stand completely still with restraints while the woman examines them.

"You're lucky to be with us, this is a treat."

She had to be kidding.

First, she holds the bondage slut by a leash and takes her to the table. She bends her over and slaps her ass. After ten slaps the oily man with a huge cock trades places. The other one's busy lubricating the equipment.

Amber has to steal another. Gold's look on her face is to die for. 

He slaps belt girl's butt slowly stoping to enjoy her noise. They can see the skin quivering, and the woman's responding by pulling her legs up. He grabs her and lifts her easily, placing her back in the correct position each time. He feels her ass. Amber jealously sees his thumb crease her darkened anus, his dick's hard.

Her mind wanders to that creature in the back when she hears a pained moan from that woman again. The man and woman swap again.

She has something like a switch, and she touches the girl's bottom and whacks her good one. This repeats on her legs which redden. She takes something like a tiny mallet and bends it back, it propels forward and smacks the girl's anus, kind of like flicking someone with your fingers, but it gets stuck. It's very effective from the abused woman's voice finally ringing out. They remove her, putting her on a restraining board.

Amber's next to the bed. Her turn.

The man lets her kneel and shoves his dick between her tits. She tries to suck the tip but only goes down below the head with him still getting a titjob. He grabs her head and pushes her down pressing her tits out of the way until she gags. When he finally stops she tries even harder to please him, staring at him all the way, but in the end, he doesn't care.

She's forced to stand and lean on the side of the bed. "Unnn nnn't." She gets slapped on her ass while his huge dick prods into her, he's very close. "I kkkg looh yaa." He slaps her ass again and pulls it to the side making her anus visible, her soft butt conforms. He fingers her pussy and slaps the other buttcheek.

The woman trades places as interrogator. She slaps Amber like he was, her treatment similar. Amber can hear Gold starting to whine. 

The man brings Gold to the other side of the bed and grinds the shaft of his huge bony dick against her back. Size. She so small compared to him. Her eyes are wet and she won't open them, and although she can't control it her mouth is wide with the ring gag in it. What an amazing thing to be watching. Amber and golden eyes look at each other. He holds a candle up dripping wax onto her back. He must be toying with her pussy as well. He holds her hips and there's more rough motion, Goldie starts screaming, but his dick is visible, he's not fucking her.

Was it so painful? MAYBE!! WHAT THE?! "Hoooo—" —when a crash and anus-splintering surprise runs up Amber's spine she breathes in hard while taking in the image of her friend.

When the mallet head bashes into her anus, Amber lets out her own shriek for an extremely drawn out period of time. Her legs wobble uncontrollably. She's much tighter than the other girl so it didn't plug her. She doesn't stop yelling until her lungs empty.

She's brought to stand aside while Gold's finished. The guy's grinding against her anus without force. He looks like he's about to cum anyways, he's speeding up making Gold even noisier. He's handling her butt with such intensity he might put a dent in it. She'll definitely bruise later. Amber's excited she can see her friend's blonde trimmed pussy. He releases Gold's hips and pushes her onto the table more so her hips are pinned to it. He grabs her locks of hair, and her body is rocking back and forth, is she about to cum too? Gold garbles, "Holy Shet. Huc naiach." And she begins trying to move against him to grind her anus back into him, forcing out a climax, something taking over her gradually, her body spasmed a bit too hard to be intentional. "RRrrr!" She belted out a kitten's growl like it felt great.

He was too close to make it into her anus and the taunt was enough to do him. He cums onto her back. As he does he grinds against her twitching anus with the head of his dick and slips up the side of her back until his balls rest between the crack of he ass. So, clearly, he would have put it all the way in, but missed. He pulls back and spanks her with both hands clapping her ass against his thick head. He tries to fuck her ass anyways while they're both still heated but he's too soft after she took him by surprise like that. Good one! Gold's got this guy under control despite the power dynamic. He drapes her over the bed instead of escorting her back.

The short nude girl with cum on her was eyecandy for Amber. She rests face down with her legs hanging over the edge of the bed, some of the sperm finds a path down past her anus and it causes her genitals to twitch for all to see while it beads on her clit and the ridges of her vulva. Amber can feel her own needs growing at the sight.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C7, Scene 6: Monster Creep[/size][/u]

They were all tied down onto wooden objects and the ring gags were replaced with smaller cylinders. They could close their mouths. But, it was still quite impossible to talk. In case it got too intense they could bite down on them.

Amber was placed on an X-shape spreading her legs which was very uncomfortable. A belt held her tits together so they can be used like a sexual orifice. Now she knew how it felt. In actuality, she was starting to fall into her old ways of whoring and prostitution. If she pleased the customers enough they even treat her nicely, like she was family. The man's working his dick between her tits while she's been rotated sideways and it's not the best feeling in the world but she's smiling while he did it. He's holding her bottom breast while the top one feels the grind of his upwards curvature. She's upside down in a moment.

The guy's butt's not all that, is all she can think.

He's still rubbing between her tits with a belt holding them in place, when the woman announces, "It's time."

Two are escorted to the back at once, Amber's turned right-side-up and given time to recover.

"No! Noo!" Was that her friend?

"Fuck fuck fufukkgggnnn!" That had to be the other girl, Amber decides the girl's name is going to be Belt.

The first one crying was Gold, always. She's still screeching up a storm.

Amber's removed from the apparatus, now on her feet. The floor feels cold. Around the corner, a short distance away, she sees that woman looming out of the thing's head. Come to think of it, she never heard Belt say much, it's uncertain if the woman was still there, mentally.

The woman connected to the monster was forcing a kiss with Belt while Gold begged mercy. Seeing the big protruding object out the woman's ass coming closer to Gold.

The man and woman hold belt's arms back to strap them. Once finished, the creature reclined pulling her onto his stomach so she was on her knees. He has an erection, two actually.

Amber's brought forward. Not this again. Come on. She looks at Gold who shakes her head.

Their voices were muffled. But if they could talk, this is how the conversation would have gone.

Amber asking, has this thing ever done that to you Gold? 

Gold shakes her head. Don't let him cum inside.

It didn't look like she had any choice. They forced Amber behind Belt, twosies riding horseback. One cock was touching her ass. The other thing out Belt's ass slid up between Amber's tits close to her face. It was a pretty sizable thing for a man's dick. Feeling the 'insertion' between her restrained tits, the dick began pumping.

Someone removes her gag.

"Are you alright? Is everyone ok?"

Gold responds, being allowed to, "You can't let him cum inside you or it's all over. You'll be like them. Don't make him cum!"

She felt his other erection on her back trying at her. He grabs her arms, she didn't even know he had hands. He must have been waiting for this moment. There was something romantic about it lifting her up before she felt it successfully grinds an inch into her making her reflexively grip.

"No not in there. I'm not a whore, not anymore. He can't cum in there."

She'll have to outmaneuver him. She grabs his dick with the back of her knee.

Gold's protesting as she's being prepared to take his other cock in some manner. Maybe the guy thought a quadruple-anal attack violating all the women here was a fitting way to get revenge for her successful mind game earlier.

Amber slips, one finger inserts and he squeezes her bottom. Gold's wailing from her own predicament at this point. It could just rib her anus and she'd scream, it's hard to tell with her. The giant grabs her legs, she didn't have time to squeeze her butt... he gets her good, she lets out a hoarse roar of indignity for several seconds as the burning subsides.

"Oh no. It's inside. Dick, dick, don't let it cum. Don't you dare. Not in my bum."

There's very little movement. She sees the penis in front of her and starts rubbing her tits on it. It's so similar to a real man's, she knows it well. It came, a little. She sticks her tongue into the tip. It certainly is a man's. She looks up but only sees the bony spine of an emaciated woman she's named Belt. Maybe that's too mean.

She reaches down to feel where the dick is exiting Belt's anus. She feels her own butt, the one in her ass is bigger, but Belt's is moving a lot more.

Drawing from the tome's vast knowledge, Amber chants a blue spell. His dick touching her breasts grows harder and twitches, the fat head pulses a deep red, but so does the one in her.

He unleashes a shock of red energy which causes all the girls to start moving uncontrollably.

No! Is he going to force his climax like this, without his even lifting another finger? The next shock, making her jitter, suggested, yes. She works her tits on his dick harder, kneading them over the thing like dough. It's not working. It's not. It starts pulling back, the tube on the underside thickens. It's working. Suck, suck it till he cums. A good deal of sperm exits the thick head onto her salivating tongue and she lets it slide off, afraid to swallow. It gently pulls back, and Amber wraps her lips around to force another blow. The dick goes back towards her and she quickly jerks her head seeing it soar and ejaculate. She did it! He fell asleep.

His penis slides back down between her tits and only momentarily can't pull through, sticking out of Belt's anus before going in. 

Eventually the cock exits, releasing her. Eventually the monster regurgitates the woman inside it who's been tangled up for a very long time. Amber gets around to releasing the others.

Gold was propped up to give him all the fellatio he needed. Her arms were tied to the posts keeping her in place and hardly contributed unless he deliberately forced his cock down her mouth. Which it might have, eventually.

Amber rationalizes, "I suppose after he finished with the other girls. He would have broken Gold finally and..."

She glanced at Gold momentarily forgetting she was saying something that would hurt her. Thinking of the dream, and what just happened, there was something between them she held dear. She looks to the new damsel and Belt.

The girls they saved have a look of disdain. Both may have lost their sanity after big dicks went straight through to the other end, or it had something to do with cum and that energy it hit them with to force coital participation.

Their clothes are gathered and they continue, but putting on a corset is a pain and takes an hour. They leave those to save time and escape in the nude to safety. Their nun habits only partly cover the mnow.

There's a new gray-haired woman they saved from being eaten. Her skin's wrinkled. Until Amber can get a name, she'll be nicknamed Wisdom.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C7, Scene 7: She Will, Love Dick[/size][/u]

Gold is not sure about the newcomers, she keeps walking behind. Upstairs there's a library of some sort. Oh god, something's scooting around. Gold skitters her legs like that'll keep it from biting her toes. She's nearly about to scream.

Amber grabs at herself, fully aware of being penetrated as soon as she felt it, a scratch at the floor, then a splat, and immediately she was wet. A foreign object is digging into her snatch and it's not any different from sex with that masseuse. She claps herself there to hide something and runs to the corner to examine it. She feels her clit, it's got something, a dick. She has a dick now, it's situated where her clit was and longer than her forearm. This isn't real, she's not a man. What does a man do? She still can't believe she's got a dick. She glances over to Gold, her initial erection straining the cloth. Was the woman so pretty before?  

They pick up a five-point thingy, who knows, it could be useful. 

They find a red gem.

They summon a dog to fetch a green gem, and it's so cute Gold won't let it disappear.

There's a nun with a blue gem.

"Can we have that?" asks Amber.

The woman shakes her head and seems to push out her chest, boasting massive mammaries and some taught fabric that practically conforms, it's like the cloth were perfectly shaped.

Amber refers to Gold, "I'm going to need to do something to get the gem from this woman. If you don't mind waiting outside for a while."

Gold shakes her head, "I'm staying to keep you safe."

Amber approaches the blue gem woman, up close she can see blue eyeshadow, a bit too much for one with good taste.

"I can give you this, for that gem," pointing at the dog.

The dog? The woman shakes her head.

"Ok then, how about we go somewhere alone?" She lifts her knickers.

The woman reaches down and fondles the dick she was offered, not thinking it is real. It flexes like a real penis, but it's so bony and jagged, it would be rough for any other woman, but for this woman, it was just right. She raises an eyebrow and tilts her head down in approval.

Amber didn't notice until now, her cunt was full of heat staring at the gem holder. Was she going to have sex with this large boobed vixen while two other girls watch her? It's so exciting. She's actually got the dick now.

In her past, when she was wandering the street, sleeping with every man, they had so much power when they did stuff with her it was oppressive. Even then she was able to take control, if only for his enjoyment. She's not a lesbian but she'll even eat the clam out for a good night's sleep.

They screw missionary right on top of a trigram with insert points.

She's thinking with her dick. That's a powerful thing to her. Getting off the woman's top revealed her own generous contribution to the intercourse. They got intimate, she thought taking her pussy would be a weak point for the nun. Until she grabbed Amber's butt and locked her legs around her hips, pushing her in deep. However, the object in Amber was not a normal dick, it behaves like a piston once they are flush together.

Both are equally screwed by the double-ended jackhammer with knobs and ribs until it ejaculates equally in both of them. It's not 'her' dick, she understands, losing control of it. Since it attached directly to Amber's clit she thought she could really be a man, but it took advantage of them both. She was being raped.

She gives up as her garden overflowed, the other does the rest of the work while Amber's indisposed. The woman with blue eyeshadow gives Amber a lovely kiss, handing her the gem and reclining until the penis removed itself. Blue gets up and touches Gold's shoulder. Amber sees this move on her girl, and tries to defend her.

"She's not part of the deal. Would you like to join us? We're trying to expose this place for its wicked deeds. As a fellow sister, wouldn't you desire so?"

The woman has a mischievous smile on her. Gold lets out a little gasp despite barely being felt.

Amber's not ok with this. So, she wants more. I'll give her.

Amber finishes chanting her spell for a full offensive. A corrosive purple spell seethes its into her. She does another enchanting the cock and it becomes one with her, she's absolutely certain it's hers now.

The nun chants as well. A protective aura glows around her.

Amber pushes the woman down, face-to-face again, her face is held between her soft tits and she pounds her cunt with large crashing wave noises, pussy wet waves, energy, and cum fly. An orgasm wracks her big titted friend like only men could fuck her before and she relishes it. She grits her teeth and jerks the stiff cock out of the soft folds. Its unyielding hardness grinding the other woman effortlessly, it's cruel features making its extraction pull her beyond the threshold of composure. She pulls it out a little at a time, the intensity of the sensation absolutely to her liking, until she is no longer sheathed in the woman, her orgasmic and throaty voice filling the air. An oily black substance and quicksilver spill out after it like a faucet for a second as her own orgasm finishes.

She looks at Gold, the young woman's fingers are pressed low on her belly, towards the spot, she's also panting after that like she felt the force from between the two of them. The only visible dick in the room dripped out a shining sacrament.

She wants it, should I give it to her? Amber shakes her head, banish the thought. As long as my willpower remains I will protect my friend.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C7, Scene 8: Form a Party, Let's FAP together, LEFT[/size][/u]

Adding the third gem in the trigram opens the hatch.

Amber explains to the party before going down, "Look I found a secret labyrinth. If you'd like to join us we're continuing now."

The busty gal is recovering and waves assent, she'll be there soon.

They walk through a corridor. There's a girl with a really cute face holding her knickers up like they'd fall if she didn't.

Gold takes a moment to check her out and Belt hugs the girl and gives her a kiss. The happy dog calms her and she follows.

They enter a room occupied by four people, men and women dressed very modestly.

One woman is particularly full in the middle. Amber's happy about seeing it.

In the bright torchlight of the room it's evident the new girl is afflicted with scaley skin, maybe she should be called Dry. She only had one hand holding up her knickers now, evidently her pants were too big. The woman in blue eyeshadow has arrived behind them and she takes the shy girl's hand without asking. 

The four people in the room don't allow them through. When Blue entered, they were alarmed, afraid even.

Amber's seeing red, they are wearing red jewelry. There's a theme from the tome here.

One picks up a torch and swings it at Dry, who screams and runs as far from the center as possible while her hand's held. She squats and starts cuddling the dog.

Amber grabs the man with a torch and they all begin to brawl. The men in the group don't actually fight, per say. They get very physical. Without offering any warning they try to kiss Amber and grab her butt. Without the undegarments, oh dear. Someone pulls Ambers top off revealing what everyone knew was a righteous upscaled communal rack, but having her tits flashed in front of strangers still riled her up. She starts to get serious reciting more power the tome offers.

Gold is brought to a corner by the pregnant woman.

The slut, Belt is down sucking off one guy, not even a little bit hesitant. She managed to get her arms bound behind her back, arms low, and she's really into the kinky stuff huh.

Blue's forced her female combatant into a submissive posture, she's extremely ticklish and squealing from being touched all over. Blue chants and sends shockwaves through them all.

"Don't!" Amber warns her.

The ones affected most are the other side. Amber restores herself.

While she was casting a man near her has removed his pants. She's flabbergasted and bothered quite a lot.

It's another dick, how many is she going to see today?

He takes her arm, he begins tying her wrists, her elbows above her head. On her knees, "belt I'm sorry," she greedily sucks at his head. With her cooch currently in an abnormal state, it begins vibrating, making her hornier. When he's about to cum Amber gladly swallows him whole, and his hard cock stays hard, his grip incredibly strong. He has one hand on her arm, and one on her head while he throatfucks her, cumming again.

Gold immediately rushed to aid her once he gets rough with Amber's throat. She's making out with the man to expedite him. She hasn't been a nun very long. She's really into men.

Blue comes over. His cock throbs, Amber's really into it too. He's more turned on than ever. Shit, call him Chad, his cock shall deliver. Was Blue secretly a good luck charm? Like this, they easily get Chad to cum down her throat until he's worn out.

Belt is still pleasuring the same man, Wisdom is watching her.

They focus on the two women left over. The full-bellied woman hands over some goods, a peace offering.

The last one has already been beaten by Blue. In other words "magic" penises forced in every orifice. The sight will never stop bothering Amber.

Blue glomps Gold, causing the woman to display some discomfort. Worse, fondling her, molesting her, and trying to undress her.

Amber moves in, wedging between them. It was a mistake, they end up together with their naked bodies. Blue gets on Amber to take charge. Amber reaches behind Blue and spreads her ass, whistling to indicate the dog that followed was no accident. She was glad to accept anal penetration from the party, encouraging it, looking quite pleased. The dog whined submitting and letting her control it once it was in.

"Damn it. Don't give in so easily," Amber complains.

In that case, Amber summons the most powerful thing she can think of during intercourse. A five-point spell ending with "Yakre." It opens a portal, summoning a man.

A man with a piercing gaze and a broad smile emerged.

A dog was one thing, she thinks, isn't this kind of impossible? A human was just created out of thin air. For all intent and purposes, he is flesh and blood born from magic. This is so messed up. Will telling him to go away kill him? It's too late, she's already done it.

Blue was flustered a bit, too, just from seeing him. Her mood went from horny dom babe to sweaty hot and bothered. She was trying to watch him rather than Amber. In that case, Amber took control of the sex.

He begins playing with Blue's face, his tongue was long. He licks her and whispers in her ear and kisses it. He's seductive. He's effective. And for a woman already so aroused, her face blushes, it works like magic. There's absolute certainty she'll give in to this new high the moment he tells her the magic words.

"Bark like a dog for me. Let the little one enjoy."

No not... that. Now, he's giving commands? He does it with a look. Amber feels warme. Her attention draws him to her and his eye drops in a wink. The dog from the rear starts to move.

"Arf!" That did it.

Blue's composure is no longer worthy of note. The dog quickly pounds into her anally while the man holds her head from the side. Tears are rolling down her face and he slides a tongue into her mouth. He pulls his tongue out and uses it to weave a new web of wicked words, this time for Amber.

"She's a nice docile anal bitch. You can play with her body in other ways. I can join if you like, summoner."

Amber considers his offer. The woman in her lap was completely out of it with her eyes rolled up. It was time to let her get some rest.

They continue on. There's another girl with poor skin between them and the next chamber. She'll have to join them, she's got bandages on, call her Drier.

In the chamber are two women, there's also a figment, nearly three meters tall, clearly male. 

Forget it. "No such thing." Amber's imagination is trying her. There's no way she'll fall for it.

The sound of a woman squealing orgasmically coming inside the figment grabs her attention, he's real. The busty nun with them takes great interest in the coital giant. Her face brightens up and she gets closer than the rest of them.

The woman inside of him comes within view hanging downwards, blue mana pouring out her eyes and mouth and then her knees come out enough to see. Despite her size and build nearly passing for the man's equal her legs wobble like rubber from some severe over-burdening. Her ravaged body healed amazingly fast in moments of it having been scorched by anti-energy and she grits her teeth for the next challenge. Her outrage vocalizes. Something was penetrating her, when her legs swung out it was obvious.

She's quite strong-looking with armor covering her chest, you could see the crack of her breast underneath where the armor is lacking. All of her but her face had tattoo symbols and signs there was once a material covering her, now torn off with force or worn off with brutal tenacity.

A large hand wraps around her hair and pulls it up like the giant meant to remove her forcefully.

Blue happily joins, bouncily hopping over on her toes. She's feeling the remaining armor on the large woman. She kneels. A look of perverse enjoyment spread on her face while she caresses the muscular woman hanging above her still.

The Amazon in him is turned around to face the creature and struck with a spike of energy. Her body is suddenly limp allowing him control. He grabs her arms. Her genitals embrace the pleasure while they grind into the man again. He shifts his weight to stand, only her body falling away while he holds her arms.

A mysterious aura shines, the red emblazoned woman begins yelling like a battle cry overtook her... Stifled. A tendril exits through the woman's mouth. A rush of semen squirts out her exposed pussy. The nun accosting her has exposed herself completely and holds a hand up to feel the muscular woman. She sings using ominous lyrics.

Amber's dick would be harder at the scene, if that were possible, the thing's practically a tuning fork. Gold squeaks, causing Amber to glance back. Again, there's a sound of loud moaning as the red armored woman's chest bulges. Her stomach fills. Amber might cum at the sight of it but she fights the urge to watch and her eyes search for Goldie.

All four of the previous party they endured followed them through, she lost count of the people there. Gold and the two younger women stand in the corner being mentally shocked by what they saw. The woman and the man in the middle of the room are significantly different in stature, gigantic and not. Although the woman's curves were tremendous to make up for that. They share this bond of some kind.

They sing-song chant together summoning tendrils. Eventually, allowing them plenty of time to weave magic about, a tangle of blue, like a thicket, completely overtakes the scene of two women and a big man with a cavernous body. All the onlookers are dragged in from the chaos this causes. The men are teased, their dicks are used on the other women, and multiple snakes of energy pass through unhindered without touching. It's unclear what they felt, but they reacted.

Amber's been disenchanted by Blue's ever-devious attempts to screw Gold. This could be yet another dangerous event.

Amber nods to her servant, if he couldn't counter this, her party was about to wipe. The man puts on a grin and goes to work. His eyes glow, smoke comes out his mouth and from under his ragged clothing. The women bound are forced to endure his smoke and mystical power. They gradually lose their sense and stop fighting it. He takes his mark and looks comfortable touching the voluptuous beauty.

He's molesting Blue the same as before. She let out sounds of joy. His tongue slides into her mouth and he somehow manages to make her cum flicking her nipples with only a finger. Only a trail of saliva connecting their tongues escapes between them.

The one in red, bound to the giant, struggled while the other was busy getting tongue-tied. She falls back into her partner deeper when he takes her shoulders and pushes in. The serpent-tongued man spoke to her from behind then and traced a line down her back. He felt her anus but didn't take action. Was it working? The giant let the large woman exit just enough it could steal a kiss from her and she went back under looking satisfied with her mate. She was just incredibly mad at him a moment ago for doing the same thing. It forced its load into her while holding her head in and appeared to run out of energy at that. The specters of sex didn't let up, working autonomous of the caster's will. The blue energies left the summoned alone while he spread his own influence.

Was Amber's mind playing tricks as well? The guy she summoned was too good!

"Holy shit I summoned Romeo."

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C7, Scene 9: Star Cross[/size][/u]

Gold squeals and points at an altar. Now that everyone's tied up like mannequins it's easier to see the place.

"That's. That's me. That's. What am I doing there? Why is my butt sticking out like that?"

Understanably she breaks down crying. The statue's doing something too kinky to ignore.

Amber sees. It certainly looks like a bas relief of her. Facedown ass up. There are holes near the arms and leg position. It's something to fuck. A better question is, how'd they mold her without her knowing? Amber wants to console, and molest Gold at this point, seeing her cry about this statue. Mostly console.

A metal plate is inscribed on it which reads: "Fuck the little bitch and cum inside. Make her scream. Then doors will open." Amber finishes reading it out loud, her dick is the tiptop of excitement.

(Make it happen.)

She stares at the bas relief. The details of the statue are amazing. She's only seen Gold with clothes on outside the sex dungeon. It's missing the shape of her anus and vagina. Oh wow, seeing her bare bottom, so round, her fit waistline. The guilt of enjoying her passionate cries from back then.

This is impossible, she'd never. The dream of Gold raping her. Her nun habit gets lifted by her new tail. That's right. Now that Amber has a big cock, her exciting thoughts are impossible to hide if she's this horny.

Gold is incredibly flustered staring at Amber's dick through tented cloth. There's not a thing innocent about the spitfire bitch and her slut ass in brass is what makes the girl she's with hard. Seeing that thing sticking up she's expecting some action. She deserves this.

Amber offers a consolatory declaration, "I could never take advantage of someone who I care for so dearly. Come on, let's look for another way in."

She speaks to the group, "I want everyone here to hear me now. Ahem. We're going to get into that room and solve the mystery of this place. Everyone here should join us." There are a few here who aren't entirely humanoid, and that won't shake her resolve. "The men too. Join us." (Sexist.)

She's thinking with her dick.

Nobody else but Amber and Gold has a chance to go right now.

Amber and Gold left the room.

Everyone else was too invested in bondage sex or shooting fountains of glowing astral cum out their mouths. A sight like that was not reassuring of their continued aliance. Amber was ready to let them come along anyways.

They reach a dimly lit room. In it is a single nun, feminine, definitely a woman this time.

There's a letter on a bench, on it, some incriminating business. Amber finishes reading silently.

Gold's upset, "You talk about making me scream but you don't say a word about hidden messages. Tell me, what find you?"

Straight-faced at the immature sound of her friend, the leader speaks with a deep sonorous voice, "There's a cult under the cathedral. The Hand of Manchuria never existed. Women can't climax just from their palms being felt. My mission here was a red herring. My efforts meant nothing. And the church is all talk. We're done here. I'm going to France to bang classy whores."

The one in the room before them reaches out to stop Amber.

"Some can. Some women can have orgasms like that."

Amber declares, "We're leaving."

The stranger speaks again, "Wait! Take this." She hands Amber a metal cock.

Something scuttles up Amber's leg and after a moment of surprise, reeling from the insertion, she feels for the intruder. Two dicks and a metal cock. The stranger gives her a thumbs up while smiling and follows.

Back in the room where the orgy was taking place, the man's forcing his green alien gaze on one of the muscular women. A disgusting substance of some sort has been rubbed all over her face. He's penetrating the vixen warrior with his fingers. He moves to Blue and puts his dick in her mouth, just enough to excite her. Oh, perhaps there's more to his actions than simply sex. Was he trying to wear them out?

The hollow creature continued mating, the new captive's belly swells and he lets her go to relieve herself. It was Drier. Drier moaned and kneeled in the corner to let it out.

Dry and Belt have viscous pools of blue energy trailing behind their asses too. Things have continued, they've gotten interesting.

While distracted, another thing goes straight up into Amber's urethra, that's a place she can't stop feeling it. Three cocks, and one made of metal.

What's a girl supposed to do with these?

Gold gave a shriek.

"What's wrong?" Amber curiously. She didn't have to ask.

She sees Gold Getting hoisted onto the altar made for ritual sacrifice. That would make anyone scream.

Belt, with sudden spell-bound power and lust, is forcing Gold to ride the effigy and slipping her arms into the holes made for a very specific purpose.

This isn't right, yet Amber's following actions betrayed her true wants. Her desire to see this through. Her lust was maxed out, the thickness at her loins taking over her body. Amber helps hold Goldie down onto her other self.

Tying the helpless woman down while she begged was also something of a feverish fantasy.

Belt puts leather straps on her elbows and binds her directly to her effigy's arms. After being inserted and bound she's completely stuck fast.

Fucking the image of Goldie doggystyle wasn't a true betrayal. Fucking her for real, in this place, at this moment, was betrayal. Amber felt the urge of the demons inside her. Was... Goldie's mouth is ajar as well, crying, she's imitating the sculpture to a tee. 

Just how much did Goldie turn her on? Amber's mind goes back to the inquiry she endured. Gold was absolutely insatiable for an instant, back then. She'd trade places with the man. Amber loses her cool, she places the metal dildo with a flared base into Gold's mouth. After drooling all over it she is mollified.

Why is she doing this? Was it these things in her? We've been waiting for this, haven't we? Her stomach flexes and three powerful cocks rise high. Gold was into it once, she'll take the burden of it now. The dildo falls on the floor, her friend's mouth drooling.

I can do better than this toy. Like a man cums. A man would cum for her, she thinks. The masseuse did her like...

Belt is fingering the anus, getting no small reaction from the bound recipient. Her ass was quite fine.

It's time for Gold to be pet harder. Amber places a hand on her head and pets her from head to the base of her spine. Amber places her clitoral cock against the anus and pushes up the hem of Gold's skirt by sliding upwards so she can see the generous curvature only a woman has. A belt's there, she can hold that for leverage. She tries the belt and the tailbone moves up.

Gold cries so loud just from feeling her friend expose her, from this position. Grabbing the belt makes her shout unintentionally. 

(This is going to be quite a ride. Ok.)

"Ok, let's go."

Her hands slide down to the hips. She takes in the sight of the naked shapely ass in front of her. An edge of her shaft rubs into the rut. Grinding her asshole is enjoyable work, like a trowel in mud she digs the soft soil. The closet slut was balling just from being felt, and every few seconds she reacted like it started over again. The other two dicks manage to fit below grinding her clit and rubbing her folds. Gold presses her legs together from that position tightening her thighs, stimulating the pair, she's enjoying it. Gold gets really wet the stuff drips.


She was the girl who betrayed her first. Gold deserves this. Amber feels incredibly evil but doesn't hesitate to escalate contact with the fetish slut presented before her.

She slaps Gold's asscheeks. The man couldn't even handle this much. Belt rubs Gold's ass playfully, almost opening too wide while  Amber was grinding and slapping. She nearly fucked her deep too soon. Yeah, that's going to take its toll. She's so close she's cumming from the sight and feel of her friend's ass.

Gold screams like a little pig at Amber hotdogging her and sometimes the prickly things occasionally snag her mound or butthole. The one beteeen her thighs caught on her blonde pussy hair repeatedly and on occasion something hit the right spot to feel good.

Getting so close, Amber slows down. Belt takes the shaft of the upper dick and forces it into Gold unexpectedly. Holding her harness under two fists Amber tries not to slip.

Gold has something important to say, "It's going in! Nnnh two!"

Amber's second cock manages to find a way in on its own, it enters Gold's pussy intensifying everything. The sight of ass cheeks jiggling made her lose her mind. Gold had nothing but good things to say, going through throws of unbelievable ecstasy. It's difficult to tell when the orgasm and lust subsided. Half of the third cock spread into both their pussies. Three double-ended dicks fuck Amber while she fucks her friend. It was far too intense to remain conscious of it, for either girl, three autonomous dicks took over their bodies and pistoned away on their own while a third party fluffed them.

Belt continued to grope at Amber's tits and Gold's butt.

Gold had to remain tied like that while everyone regained some sense. The third cock was grabbing her clit and rubbed her there with such intensity. Her pussy was quite prepared. If not for her butt, and spanking, which appears to be somewhat of a fetish for her, the entire room would have humped her like dogs and she'd be pregnant no question. She let out one long exaggerated breath to express the feeling of her friend remaining on top of her. The things were still teasing her insides. With a pained moan they slid in deeper. In this helpless state. Goldie was all woman.

Amber was all woman. No monster cocks in sight. Besides the orgy that is.

The room opens.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C7, Scene 10: Intrigue[/size][/u]

It's so big. Amber can see a figure having sex with another far away, she runs over to them. It's the Bishop and a nun. The Bishop is fucking a nun.

"Welcome back vermin," The Bishop pulls out after greeting. What an evil fucker.

To Amber's surprise. His dick is normal? That's a welcome sight. Sure he's a little well endowed. He could be such a lady killer if he... "Oh."

Gold walks over, close to him, and gets down.

"What are you doing?!" Amber asks her.

The Bishop puts his dick in pure Gold, "What do you think about this? She's a total bang slut queen." He penetrated her orally.

This makes no sense, they just saw the philanderer. Were all the women in this monastery somehow in it together, with him?

She blacks out.

Amber comes to, his dick in her mouth. He went in without resistance. His excitement is palpable with the sides of his cock tensing more as her lips smack. Amber can't believe it, she was played like a fiddle. The man fucking her stops and pulls out. He looked finished. Did he cum? He wasn't done.

She's sharing a dick with her friend now. "Good luck," she hears in her mind. How far gone were the two of them before they entered the room. It's too late, they have to endure. His load's spent somewhere between her tongue and Gold's succulent lips. They're a bit enamored having finally met the man himself. They offer their mouths for another.

The Bishop drags Amber to the altar.

Goldie comes, she takes Amber on the altar, face-down ass up just like she was. The abuse she suffered.

Amber has guilt. She's also not sure what Gold is up to. All three dicks return to the surface of the other woman, their loyalty mid-penetration is clear. On the receiving end, they were much harsher. Never in her life has Amber had sex with three men before. In her past, she's been forced to drink cum like payment. She's done it in the ass riding horse paired with noblemen.

"—You're not a god," Amber tells the bishop.

She allowed men to stare at her naked at banquets for hours. Draw on her, and draw her embarrassment onto a canvas. The pistons begin moving on their own.

"—No," the man speaks.

She's worn all kinds of worthless clothes, play-acting for a trist. But after protecting Goldie this whole time, three peckers were able to connect them more than any sisterly bond did, and here's the proof.

"You lead me on!" she cries, her tears fall on the altar.

The dicks are so hard and brutally rough, they twist inside her like turbines. She has an orgasm unexpectedly.

"Let it out." Her possessor drawls. Gold's enduring the double edged penetration almost too well.

The Bishop lets her suck his dick from the edge of the altar. The only normal dick she's felt attached to a man in years. Goldie speeds up, all kinds of fluid flush out into Amber. Red energy comes from the Bishop, nasty, it causes the dicks to work harder, her body moves on its own. It makes Amber hornier. Then Gold peacefully murrs while she slows down to bated breath allowing them to separate. The Bishop steps back.

Amber takes over. On top, riding her friend cowgirl until they finish, two of the dicks are in front grinding her clit. Gold cries and then cums hard. Then one after the other the dicks release their sperm while Amber takes each one in and they escape to freedom.

The Bishop is still right there, watching. He casts a spell and leaves smirking. Powerful red tentacles grab Amber and restrain her suspended face down, her wrists and ankles held up behind her for several minutes, before they feel her from neck to her lips. Her face is pressed down to the girl below who's been staring up at her with glowing gold eyes. Their chests touch. Their lips meet. Finding her ass and clit, the tentacles bring her to climax while Gold held her like lovers.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C7, Scene 11: You Thought You Were Big, Now You're Going to be Huge[/size][/u]

Amber exits the great hall, orders the absolute bastard she left there to "stop fucking and get with the program."

He's enjoyed himself to some extremes. The captive women wait on him, some are fawning for him. He stops fucking Dry's ass. Despite her namesake she's sopping wet with cum and self-lubricant is pooling out below her. Her tongue's hanging out.

Nevermind this asshole. Amber dismisses him.

The dog's waiting for an order obediently, "you should know better." His tail goes between his legs, "which girls did you have sex with?"

The dog happily barks and stands near the warrior in red armor. The rival of that giant man-thing taking up a quarter of the room was almost the size of a footstool.

She wonders, which felt better for the Amazon? The blue giant, the magic woman, the man she summoned, or the dog? Nevermind, she doesn't need to know. Dog dismissed.

She makes another speech to the real, corporeal living things left over. She convinced everyone to join forces before she left, and she'll do it once again, right now. They were ready for her this time, her servant won them in her stead. This is what she was still here for, right? A force to bring down the monastery. Having discovered it's corruption. Knowing there'a a deep secret within waiting for her. Everyone's with her.

They do it! A large room and an average man was the only thing between her and Illmuire's essence. Behind Amber, a dozen cohorts, all the friends she brought with her.

Amber, to the the Bishop, "What can you do to stop us? Your reign of hypocrisy is over! You can't stop us all. There's nothing. You can't do anything."

An enormous beast like a giant clam releases several women who are stunningly beautiful. Sperm inside them squirts out and they wander into the group not a care in the world. Close up, it's evident that there's something wrong with their appearance. They're smooth, like marble, their eyelids were puffy, their hair was incredibly oily, and their skin was red like they've been sucked on and pinched all over.

"This one comes to fuck?" asks the guardian.

Amber's pussy was both dripping wet and flippantly tightening in pangs of fear. How's the rest of her party holding out? She shakes her head slowly, barely able to move, unable to deny the creature that was waiting there would squeeze every last bit of hope from her without effort.

The Bishop turns into Dread Witch, removing her head covering, clever disguise.

She says, "Don't worry about her. She's a damn dank whore. Not worth your time. Even I could satisfy her pretending to be a weak old man."

The guardian puts his long arm behind the once upon a time nun, now a complete slut, and he helps her safely walk to the clamshell.

"Let go of me! I don't want to! Help me, someone."

Amber shivers in fear while screaming for help. She can hear others yelling. There are streams of ribbons flying everywhere. The clam guardian is only a little angry sounding.

He talks to Amber directly out his giant maw, "Come here sweetie, I have to tell you something."

She's in. He quickly removes her only clothes and plays with her body tickling her to the point she's kicking and screaming, crying, "I'll piss myself. St-stop. Wah." He is even able to hold her down and twist her body into fun positions while exploring the new form. She finds herself lodged in his inner walls while hands grope her body, she can't see anything. Something touches her more gently and it's a sexual feeling now, she feels good. A calm, seductive voice, a mouth is right next to her tickling her ear.

"I said I had to tell you this. So, here goes. You hurt me when you came inside, babe. I'm going to hurt you, babe. If I cum inside you it's because you hurt me bad."

She breaths hard. Fucking absurd bastard was raping her! "I don't even know who the fuck you are!" Amber screamed. "You're a goddamn rrmmm mmph!" He starts shoving something in her mouth and she gets an arm out to push it away. "You motherfucking piece of shit I'll kill you!"

She can feel his face pressed against hers in an unmistakeable grin. His hand goes over her face smothering her. She feels his finger play with her butthole. She's made a mistake provoking this pervert before she even knew what he was capable of. He spreads her ass and sticks his dick in while she holds her breath. The first cumshot sends her over the edge of desire and there's a flash of light, and then the entrance closes. A light inside comes on and there's someone else there. She feels pain and doesn't care, she's numb.

The other women are there. The men too, somewhere. She only has one thought for escape. But he denies her of it. She repeatedly feels pinches and lustful pangs from the harsh treatment. Her belly and womb filling with his many phallic propagations, his cumshots, his other strange feelers. She's happy.

To her joy, Gold and the other one were always there, sharing her new experience. Somehow. They got there before her. Was she always so slow?

Her body's going numb as she loses parts of her inside it. She's changing. She's being baptized in fire and water. Hands touch her. Metal touches her. Numbness.

The light comes on, someone else is there. She's reborn, she is there, but it's not her body.

Who is she? She's asking herself. She can't remember.

Her new ears tickle from a vibration only the women there can feel and her body vibrates back, she needed that. Again, it'll happen again, right?

She goes to the dining table and sits with a man. They chat and he holds her hands. The vibration. She gets closer. Maybe touching him made it happen. (Zzrr) Yes. Her tits are visible, they're much more glamorous. She flashes him in the middle of the pub. She's drunk after all. (Zzrr) She gets up and sits in his lap, bending her back so he can rub her ass. That's where she wants him. (Rrr) She slides her whorish short skirt up revealing her nudity below. They go to her room upstairs and make out on the hay. None of it made sense and she didn't care.

She returns to the real world. Her skin is pale, she's in a bed. The people around her are in bed.

"How long have I been dreaming?"

Someone answers, "nuh...".

Her skin is pale and this is her new body from the dream. She sees Illmuire's essence and her hair is powdered white in the reflection. She looks like a marionette, her tits are too big for her own liking and they droop. A vibration gets her wet. Walls move from the pink floor up around them and the women and men get up with it. They take cups of oil and clean each other. Are her eyes still amber? Was she still Amber? It doesn't matter.

She finds the man from her dream, she's drawn to him and she finishes cleaning with him. They have intercourse slathered in bath oils and she came. Glinting lights flash in her head, her signal to end the charade and go back to sleep. The shell folds up around them hugging them tightly and its insides put them in their places.

Their bodies are reconstructed daily, like newly forming life was as easy as setting up a chess game. They try whatever fantasy, sex act, or dream implanted in their mind upon waking. Seeing it play out to the end was practice, an imitation of real life, it was a game, it was meaningless to them.

Mere pawns, they didn't know they were on a board. Perhaps they'll find the edge one day. Perhaps they won't know ever again.