Continuing from pink alignment

Chance and Enlightenment

[u][size=115]Around The World[/size][/u]

His sock is filled. He's a little sad how the nun was treated. This was real, wasn't it? Where's her happy ending? Where's her harem? Why are the women mistreated like sexual objects? He'd never.

He gathers himself. There's a more immediate pressure for him to get up out of the chair.

"I better get off my ass and find out whether I'm doomed or not."

He removes the sock. His huge erection is throbbing in agonized joy, it's so close he would have been just fine shooting his load in it again right there. He needs to adjust the position of his boner first and tuck it back in.

Downstairs kitchen. Four hot girls. Ok, now he knows he has to be imagining things. There's one at the counter holy smoke she's got a nice ass, he can see the thick crease of her undies through her short skirt. One's in the pantry. He advances and grabs one next to the table and pushes her on kissing. Fuck it, it isn't real, just go with the flow.

It's so real, he thinks, I'm going to try using my cock. With her ass pushed up on the table they screw like college students while kissing.

The one at the counter drops something and bends over. He's balls deep and watching her underwear come into view. He can feel it he's almost there. She cums before him and stops. His thrusting is inadequate. That's not fun, no fair. He moves to the counter.

This girl's lost something, she's still searching. Well, no need to ask if she needs his help she's not real. He forces her panties aside and both their knees buckle as his cock twitches, roughly entering her unannounced. Her insides resist for just a moment but they only catch him long enough to confirm that it's a penis and let him through. They do it like that until she stands up and they do it like that until he feels like he's ready to finish. He pulls her short skirt up over her waist and grabs her thick hips, damn. A few more moments and he thinks he's cumming, but he's not, it just feels like it. He needs more, he pulls out. She flips her skirt down and waggles off. Uh, two left. Window... pantry.

In the pantry the girl turns and surprises him with a kiss. He tongue-fights her to a draw and gets her top off. She's pretty eager and removes her pants for him. In the frick of it she bits his earlobe. He reaches around and feels her ass. Is she, is she? Shit she came before him again, maybe he can hold her down and force. She pushes him away. One left, this is like a really bad wet dream.

He grabs the one left and angrily guides her, pushes her shoulders through the kitchen window closing it trapping her. She's not getting away he shoves the fucker in her loose ass.

Nothing. There's nothing. All that and he was daydreaming. He couldn't cum in his sleepwalking. Fucking ghosts was supposed to be ectoorgasmic. His sock came closer from him reading the smut in an old hidden study surrounded by paraphin candles.

He walks to the lounge. Oh no a girl's tied up in a rope, he starts helping her down and remembers there's some unfinished business. He twinges a smile. Instead of helping, he aims to relieve himself by removing his pants. She's not bad looking, the parts of her he sees anyway. He proceeds to screw her tied in bondage. She's fainting, he shakes her, continuing to vigorously screw her. She's unconscious. He's just so damn good she couldn't resist.

Ok, he thinks, that's probably already gone too far.

He helps her down then. She turns around and wraps his neck in a noose, even when he tries to stop her. She caught him? She slaps his ass with a smirk. She gets down and sucks his dick. His fingers wrap around the loop at his neck. This is dangerous. Holy fuck this feels good though. How is it turning out this way? He cums and she's sparkling clean with her hand next to her open mouth. Swallowed. She turns around.

Her ass is ready for second helpings apparently because she straddles him like that with her hand behind her head grabbing his. She puts him in her ass. Amazing. This can't be. She speeds up and he sees her chest bounce from the angle.

"Ah!" She cums, she cums real hard.

He wants to do it with her. Inside her. She's slowing down. The noose isn't tight with her supporting his head so he tells her.

"A few more seconds, don't stop, I'm almost done."

She helps him with her ass until his cum drains out like he wanted. No way. She pulls away and blows a kiss, then walks out. No way.

He tries to stop her, "Hold on, I think you should stay, I'm in love."

He saw her physically leave, what did that mean? It takes a minute to open the noose and break free. By then she's gone.

He finds another chapter.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=130]Chapter 8, Title: Monumental Depravity[/size][/u]

[u][size=115]C8, Scene 1: Great Moves[/size][/u]

There's a construction of a great pillar underway.

A mountain of rock fell in one blow to the scourge of the great desert, Ultigirl, for she can go by no other name.

She erects a pillar to her god Zeth so the construction of his monument may begin. Finishing touches to the construction required all kinds of vile work.

"It's going to take like a thousand bitches crawling on his dick to get there." She has her work cut out for her.

Her armies fight other Amazonian tribes.

A Valkyrie's lips are locked tightly with a Vixen. Women with a passion for blood-lust and an even greater hunger for the thrill of forcing the other to submit. The tireless warriors of ancient civilizations all learned that the vixens were not just desert warriors, they were truly depraved.

In Rome, the Emperor declared the champion. In walked the Amazons.

"This is a peaceful place!" shouted the Emperor enraged, "stop them at once!"

The Amazons stormed the crowds and fucked, as one might imagine. Men, women, and animal were incapacitated in the cunts of the champion's blood.

"Sir Champion..." the smiling vixens came down to meet the gladiators unlucky enough to survive to the end.

Forced to cum one hundred times in a row in the Colosseum. Not a single man could survive. They found the tiger cages and raped them, the lions, the bulls, all the men. Not a single drop of cum went untapped.

They walk into villages they own just to screw the horses, pigs, goats, sheep. In the forests they fuck bears, wolves give up their families to mate with them.

The women donned sacs of oil that would lubricate them in the heat of battle. "I'm tired of tearing the foreskin off some of these men. How can we lubricate?" They were prepared to expose themselves as soon as the urge struck them.

There's a tale of an attractive warrior that saved his soldiers one time.

Two armies face off, staring across a recently untouched field.

"Enough," Ultigirl says." I'll handle this."

Before her stands a hundred men within eyesight, at least as many are waiting in the ranks.

She walks in the heat, to the middle of a baron battlefield that's seen many scraps. Her muscles bulge, she removes a longsword with two fingers like a butter knife. She swings it, and it's impossible to see the blade's movement. The wind knocks them all down revealing the thousand men behind and she advances. Her army behind her walks in to retrieve the spoils of victory. Not a single man left unspoiled.

"These are the most beautiful women I ever saw!" They deliriously proclaim.

Ultigirl's camp reach a cloistered place in the desert. So well hidden, it's lasted under their noses for this long. And yet, they were seen, an army even greater than before awaits. It could outnumber them five to one, it wouldn't matter.

Ultigirl says, "What fortune, they have a place for them here. Soon we will all be what's left. Hang on. This is," she stares down the shape of a muscular male knight, "I'll have a word with this one. Nobody move an inch."

A man approaches for diplomacy, "My best man against one of your women."

"Would your 'best man' be you? I accept whatever men like you have to offer."

The best Amazon was her, none came close. She was also the best at flirting. An easy win for Ultigirl's army.

Two armies of thousands on the sidelines, the warriors approach. She thinks this one is very pretty as well, for a man of honed skill and labor.

"Quite a catch, this secret kingdom of theirs. I'll make sure we plunder it thorougly." She tells her troops.

Her opponent was apparently some kind of a jackass. His army hooted and threw seeds at him from their dried rations in his honor.

"Hahaha! Their chosen warrior is a housewife. What can we expect! All I see are half-naked women. This is the great army we've heard of?! NON! I'll see you in my bed by tonight. We have a saying about women with red hair!"

She's eager to hear the end of that.

He throws his spear aside, certain of his bare-handed skill, and in other ways challenging her to wrestle. He gets up close to the woman and reaches for her tender looking shoulder. He easily shoves her and her body rolls. He felt her muscle.

She is simply a woman.

Elastic tension of her shoulder bands. She shoves him back with surprising force and he stumbles back, one leg off-balance.

He can hear the men laughing at his expense.

The elegant warrior General tosses her belt aside, it carried her scabbard she used to defeat entire armies in a single sweep.

To him it looks like a longbow. A coward's weapon. A woman's handicap.

He grabs her shoulder again, to pull her closer for a taunt and opens his mouth to speak, "coward," he tries, but slips away and fumbles, oily, slippery, like she just bathed. He leans back into her and she responds by easily pulling her shoulder back.

He flew into the air as though she had lifted him. She leaps and snaps her leg down onto his back mid-air. His armor takes the brunt. The battle isn't over. He's not so weak to die from a fall. He kicks at her feet after they land, one hits her sole, he sends two more that miss her legs entirely. She steps in and puts a knee on his face. She kicks his leg once and he spins in the dirt.

Skidding to a halt, he gets up to begin anew. She cocks her head aside and waits.

"You're wet and oily. Were you expecting to wrestle?"

He moves closer and asks her. He's sure he has her distracted, waiting for the moment she intends to respond. Her body language stirs slightly. NOW!

He grabs her face and pulls her in, then trips her with a backward leg sweep which catches her lower leg. He jumps to shove the force of his body down close to two-hundred eighty pounds on her while holding and her leg flies into the air together with his. She's going to slam face-first into the ground and the fight will end with a sprained neck.

She punches the ground making a loud enough noise the crowd's teeth tickle. A crater formed, stopping the momentum. The sweeping kicks aimed at the face are deflected with a metallic pang. He's at a loss how she's managed this but gathers his wits.

She continues her attack prone and rolling on the ground. Her kick counter to his misses his boot. They tumble to the ground and follow it up with fisticuffs. He grips the metal gauntlets inside which intensify the strength of his fists. He hits her shoulder, leg, and calf with some heavy-handed strikes which returns a satisfying wet smack each time. With him leaning down to hit her, she hits his visor aiming for his face, it absorbing the impact. She bruises his shoulder directly through his metal cuirass and dents the pauldron into it knocking his body upwards slightly. In a failed attempt to arm-sweep him while unstable, she backhands his greaves directly, missing his kneecaps, only to cause him to fall on her. He grabs her bare shoulder and tries to squeeze it, but she has his leg disarming the leverage.

Prone in a grapple, she begins ripping off his armor with amazing ease. Her fingers alone apply the penetrative force of a strung arrow fired by a skilled archer. His visor resists when she tries to peel it like a lid from him. She gets up to one knee. He squeezes her leg in a crouch, the tender skin yields but slips away, oily! She steps past him and he shoves her back while she's not facing him. Not quite on her knees as he hoped, she turns around too fast and disrobes him in quick succession, his shoulder-pauldron, the greaves on his legs come right off with just his lightly armored boots. She fumbles his back plates, strong enough to withstand a horse stampede it was. They fall down together.

They're in a tangle on the ground trying to pull off each others clothes. Her fingers dig straight into his cuirass near the belt and tears it open like parchment and the straps of his pauldrons snap reaveling his full upper body. She's got almost nothing on from the start and she's gaining ground on him. He kicks like mad and their position together shift erractically. Her foot comes near his face so he pushes it away. She easily grabs his face with one hand in the scuffle and gets behind him. Then she removes the visor. Gouging it with her fingers was nearly impossible while he was knocking her away. With her other hand she tears off the top lid of his helmet safely avoiding removing his head and turning the remainder of his armor but his gauntlets and wrist protection into scraps.

He squeezes her calf one more time and slips down to her foot. She flippantly rolls onto him and pins him slapping his naked legs and gooses his calf playfully, which manages to cramp him up. Unstable on one leg and having his eye-protection removed, he could see most of his armor was gone. He felt a mismatch has taken place.

He's a bit too turned on right now to complain of his obvious loss, but the battle is yet over. Her breath shows her arousal, as does the glistening sex from her loins. There's more than one way to conquer a woman.

The male warrior exclaims, "You're some manner of nymph aren't you. How can you be this strong and fight me almost naked?" He speaks low enough nobody would hear this next part. "You'd wish me to take advantage of you. Admit it."

She grabs him in his exposed belt area. The head of his cock stung in the heat of the desert exposd to the air. Then her oily hand slips down around the shaft reminding him how good that could feel. His erection betrays him in the end, he has equally fallen for his foe.

Still on the ground together, she releases his cock from any encumberance. She begins seducing him more directly by pulling his face to her cheek to cheek and working her way to kissing him directly on the mouth. He rolls his tongue to hers. Her hands on his face, her thumb tugs at the edge of his mouth gently. She sucks at his face making a wet smack and licks his lips. His hand goes to her pussy to rub her. His other hand feels her ass and spread her open. She bares her teeth to his chest and licks him like a tiger then bites, her fingers dance along his pecs.

He tries to suck her tits, his teeth latch on her nipples. His hand squeezes her side slipping down to the stiff boney hilt above her hip the hard gauntlet making a pang sound. She pinches one of his nipples in her fingers and flicks it gently in return. Her hand briefly connects with the gauntlet touching her to guide it away.

She turns revealing her cunt to him. So he sticks his tongue in greedily and sucks at it. He feels her clit and sucks on that too, rolling his tongue along and grinding his teeth in. She chuckles at his attempts, laudible for a man. She licks the edge of his penis then goes around it kissing his shaft to his balls. She fits them into her mouth wide while her tongue does all the work bringing him close to climax playing with his testes in her mouth.

She closes her lips to begin a suck but his reflex pulls them and it's all scrote. A shot of precum meets her unexpecting face. She puts her teeth and her hand to the soft flesh only enough to feel it. She feels his dick all the way back up with her tongue and lips working the shaft and fits the glans in her mouth, slipping down, and sipping slightly cleaning off the precum.

She moves off and presents her ass, he bits her glutes and they twerk, he sticks his mouth to her anus and rubs his teeth in. She turns around, "your turn," she forces him to turn and kisses his butt and bites it. Then she bites his anus and barely touches it with her lips.

She decided it's time to play with him, a little bit of pain and balls aching would sweeten his deal she'll make with him.

Briefly, she looks at the army of men on his side. She firmly squeezes his dick from this position they can clearly see. She slides her tongue into his ass. Her handjob just about does him while she gives him a rimjob. He grabs the back of her hair and forces her face deeper. She allows it, her fingers rub along the glans of his crying dick, it was by all means cumming before he reached full orgasm.

He can feel the pressure but it doesn't overcome him, he turns and fish hooks her with his thumb and rubs his slimy cock on her face. Her teeth come down and nip him so he pulls away.

His hand comes across her face twice leaving a bruise.

"Bitch. You know what you're doing. Don't give me that look. Do it right."

He grabs her face and squeezes her lips to a pout tilting her head up to face him. She tweaks his nutsack with a gently inward bekoning finger causing a shiver to run down his spine and holds them gently. They feel sore to him, they're swelling in need of relief. The sense of the stuff trying to come out. He pushes her down and once on top he notices how hard her belly was. Her own armor, this is all?

It prevented the crushing weight of him from flattening her. Her tits begged for abuse so he pinched them, they just about filled his hands, not so big, he's had bigger. His left hand slips down to the nipple and she gives a yelp. He slaps her tit with his right and reorients himself with their lower genitals aligned in missionary. With some force he crushes her pussy with his dick and rubs it around. He grabs the pink sheath and it yields so he pulls it and it snaps back into place. Her face contorts pained. He pinches her clit and spanks it while she bounces around playfully tickled. He flips her over and meshes her ass cheeks around his dick. He spanks her and flicks her anus. She might be just about done. She's not even trying to reciprocate aggressively by this point, he's sure this is it. She's a woman, but what a woman she is.

He was almost getting into it but he's exhausted, and she must be too. In front of his army, certain of his victory, he raises a fist in the air and the two armies cheered. Both armies? He turns his head to see the women have disrobed almost entirely. The opponent remains sensually displayed for him to play with like she's not even concerned about her loss. Taking an aftersex spill with only some of his cum on her. The man was just toying with her. The bruises he inflicted sear into his mind. This is not a place for the frail or the fair. He sears her image into his mind. She's beaten, she's not fighting back. After some time he pulls his armor back on, and noting the dents. She was so strong it was unbelievable. He walks away leaving her to be treated for the injuries. Merciful in victory.

"I spare her."

"You should take her as a trophy! Come on."

Gentle coos and boos resound from the vixen army confounding the men, who had won.

The home army's commander meets the champion as he reenters the fold, "Well fought. Let's get back to camp."

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C8, Scene 2: Shiny Warrior[/size][/u]

It's too late to return to the castle so the army sleeps in tents after his victory. Balto puts out his fire and readies his cot. They ate their rations and it will be an early start returning tomorrow.

He feels weight on him. His bedsheets continue jostling as he wakes up. A finger is playing along and touching his ass pleasuring him. A firm grip over his shaft and a feel of some lubricant, it's like sex, he doesn't want it to stop. She removes it, his dick well-oiled from the haphazard bath he took. She plants kisses on the tip of him and licks at him until it feels like heaven. Her finger caresses his lips. Her lips slip around the head of his cock and he wakes up again certain it was real.

There's a warm sensation like he's using the toilet. Darn it he needs to move. He flexes his body to get up. He begins to but there's a weight. He might drain himself right now if not for his morning wood. A surge of pleasure courses from the tip of his cock and he lets his body go with it. There's a hand by his side. Things begin to register. He woke up with a woman's face in his crotch and the warmth of her breath passing over his scrote and hairs along his legs. This was not a dream. This was not even something he could comprehend.

The urgency he should finish this woman after she announced herself so boldly was compulsory. He could wait a little longer and use her mouth as she's offered, but his aching need for a woman moved him, so his body urged him to move.

He pulls her face away and sees that beaten woman. Except, she's got a fire in her eyes still. She's not just a prize. With every bruise healed she had the eyes of a predator. There is a danger in bed with him.

Impossible. He rolls together with her. Above her. Her belly is soft, she disrobed, wholly unnecessary for an assassin. But there were stories of Amazon mates, like spiders, like a flytrap. Soft, he imagines his weight would crush her if he's not gentle. Whatever the case, she's no longer protected by her armada or armor. Were she to fight him here, she'd lose, she'd be taken by his army in the night. What if she makes noise? The bout earlier must have driven her mad with lust. He's more honest to his feeling for her naked form burning his mind, he won't spare her now.

He shoves his tongue in her mouth and kisses her, his hand misses her clit, he tries to press his cock on it and grind her, and it slips into her accidentally, but it was a welcome feeling. He gratefully moans into her lips. The unexpected penetration leaves him stunned. They both wait for the moment to pass. Her insides pull inward from what could be a quiet orgasm, sucking at the head and fully enveloping him. This brings him to the edge, a sensation like he's already cum. He thrusts his hips in to increase the feeling of his skin getting stroked sensually inside her. His cock was being gently massaged like she was more than any woman he felt before and he let out another sound into her mouth. She's taking it well, her body's resilient in the most fascinating ways.

He gets up and has her display her taint. The moistness of his cum in her vagina was apparent. They've already gone all the way without hesitating. But it's not enough, there are other parts of her body drawing his eyes.

He has her turn facing her butt to him. He fingers her anus. He licks her ass and shoves his tongue in. He sticks the pommel of his sword in and it slips out. He shifts its target into her cunt instead. His cock is already lubricated, both their work, he gets above her and plunges it in. It goes in and there's the sensation of a sweet pulse stroking the head. He gropes her tits and breathes against her back. He screws her like that, she acknowledges with whimpers every pump until he cums again. He takes the pommel of his sword and grinds her clit until she flexes around him. He pulls out and turns her over on her back then licks at her pussy, then the clit, tickling her close to her next ejaculation. He wipes his penis off, it's all oil.

His dick rubs on her nipples and he is reaching a state of bliss. She too feels it, she's playing with herself. He puts his penis and a wooden bobble between her tits, his won't stay between them, she performs fellatio on the stick to make him jealous. The stick looks like it could cum on her any second. Her oral was a welcome surprise earlier, and she brought it back. He shoves his thumb down her mouth and presses on her tongue, enjoying the submissive glance she gives as he guides her back onto his cock. He wants that again, which she provides gleefully.

She moves away suggesting, "Hey, let's do it like this."

She brought along a strange jelly. She fills her pussy with the jelly and spreads her legs. He puts his penis in her, her legs wrap around his back and they remain like that for five minutes. She allows him to pull out then and it looks like his cock has been petrified.

"The stone jelly works," She says.

He's confused, nothing felt different, "What did you do?"

She answers, "You're cast in a special stone. You won't feel a thing like this so use it on me until I'm satisfied."

He'd just about welcome fisting her right now, but he proceeded to use the stone penis as requested instead while she relaxes to the sensual massage delivered.

She's won. It's too late. She knows it.

"By the way," she casually eludes during her 'me' time, "What is it they say about women with red hair?"

He recalls, there's no such thing. It sounded good at the time. He thought of some way to describe what she's done to him in a few words.

"Only how generous and lovely they'd be as wives."

He stares at her hoping it got her excited. He thought maybe it was true. Someone, somewhere has said that. He also remembers winning her in single combat. Now he had wants, and it was his right.

"I would keep you as one."

She's very relaxed, she sighs her response very slowly as he strokes in and out of her, "I bet that would be wonderful. Having a pet to do your house chores for you. Some fun plaything on the side eagerly awaiting for you to return between adventures. When you're off duty you can even sleep together at night."

He's a little worried. A pet? She changes the tone of her voice.

"Don't bother. You're mine alone brave knight. For now until death."

In the distance, many more men were being coerced in the same manner. Their victory silently became an orgy, an orgy at night at the hands of the female vixens became a defeat, and the next day, the men didn't return to the castle.

A few thousand dildos were cast from the soldier's penis. He has the special honor of screwing countless Amazons beyond his time.

The man himself belongs to Dread. His place is in her bed. He waits for her return and to sleep in her arms. He dies of natural causes in bed with her, during intercourse. She finds a new toy eventually.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C8, Scene 3: The Forbidden Under[/size][/u]

She's a great artisan, craftswoman, musician, vocalist, and most profoundly she can read. For simplicity, she's an artist. But right now is her favorite job, she's a bitch, or as her people have endeared her she's The Maiden.

She's rather short but thin. With wineglass tits, smooth areolae on a thin chest, large nipples that swell up when her heart rate increases. She has narrow shoulders. Narrow neck. She has a big bottom. She was dressed for the occasion but they took it all off and got her dirty on the ground. Her elbows and knees are chafing.

She's feeling his dick thrusting into her, her head's fogging up clouding her senses. His armor's chafing her back. He's brutish and grunts.

The sex right now is ungainly to her. It resembles a gorilla screwing a calf. Her ass flaps against him sending waves of her untoned bottom up to meet her narrow waist. What men and women would give for those curves, what men and women have taken them can't be counted. She's well known in these parts. Being extremely promiscuous is a well-earned reputation. Not easy.

Unfortunately, with great reputations comes people seeking their own wants. That's how she ended up here.

She can feel him get more excited, about to let out the stuff men make for her. She lets him know she knows, "aah!" Feeling him let it out inside all too soon. He finishes with a "shit."

So close to the ledge when he came, she's momentarily afraid he'll be crass in his glow of sex and mastering her. So much he'd drop her. She can only reach down to slow her descent if she were to fall now. He puts his hand around her neck and mercifully forces her weight back strangling her very gently. She didn't climax, but... she easily lost herself trying to. Unfortunately, he's done. This wouldn't be a good time to mention his shortcoming since the guy with a short-sword could be compensating for little misbegotten whores in the past, and she wouldn't be mistaken for one of them. Her life depends on her impression.

Two men there decided, "Get down there." 

Right now? Naked? No way.

"Please, my clothes." She laughs deliberately. She even prevents herself from thinking negatively to ease her way into their better graces.

The man with her clothes scowls, "'My clothes'?"

Of course, it would be like this, they were still toying with her. 

"My work... Cloth and mystery. It's part of the allure of a woman. Don't you think I looked pretty? I remember you said so before you began entertaining yourself."

What is that look he's giving her like, she's missing the point?

"You are her prisoner. But right now, she's not around to save you. You have to earn this."

She nods, not understanding the brutal want he displayed, merely trying.

"Of course, how may I serve? As your prisoner. This man has graciously entertained me once, can I be yours, personally, as well? I'll do anything." (a-ny-thing)

They seemed annoyed. The man shrugs her offer off, but it landed hard enough, "Enough with the clever whore speech. Stop. You aren't fooling me. Take this and go down."

She takes back her clothes. With these, she can do her job, and not grow cold. She puts on—

"What are you doing?" A man interrupts her trying to get her undergarment on. "Put your clothes on when you're at the bottom. You're not running off on us." He takes the pile of clothing from her.

He has thrown it off the ledge now. She follows, carefully, climbing down the ladder.

These people are assholes, I swear. Not expecting to see their faces again for a long time she starts to think normally.

The place has been excavated, as expected, more ladders follow. She descends into a cavern with lit torches. She takes one when it gets too dark ahead.

There are more like her. Excavators, slaves, people staring back at her who looked out of place and uncertain of their fate to come. The usual you see when everyone there's working to live or face a harsh beating.

Some of them were staring a little too longingly. 

She had to doublecheck if she was exposing her privates more than necessary.

Her top's exposing the midsection of her breasts and ass and nothing's left to the imagination. Her overshirt covers her shoulders and ties in the front, but she leaves it open all the time. She has a g-string thin bikini with frills covring her waistline. She had on sandals for mobility. Her clothes are sheer and any of the outer clothes can easily be moved out of the way for access to her body. They weren't wrong for longing for her. With her stunning allure. Wearing this attire in this place. This is what she was there for.

"Hello. Is everyone here alright?"

They look back, mesmerized by her. She must be quite the beauty to them. She's happy for the attention, she'll reward them. No loner placating to the brutal men her guilty mind worked wonders on everyone, including herself.

"I'm here to help you all relax," She lets out a dazzling smile and her voice is full of elation, "I'm here to give you all relief. Come to me if you need it right away."

Stir their curiosity, hide your intentions, oops she outright told them. That's just fine. Ok, next, show them something they can't turn down.

She tilted her body to the side in a pose displaying the roundness of her hip, she covers her other side with her arm to look thinner. Eventually, they gave into their desires, all to become one with her.

The men in knitted clothes were nothing like the soldiers. She could give them the greatest feeling of their life. They just had to let her. If she enjoyed it too it wasn't something she'd ever hold against them. They were strangers, she was just a little better at doing this one thing.

There were women here too, she talked to them. They have a rapport in moments. And in some cases she convinced them that girl-on-girl was necessary, for a life without sin was wasteful.

The girl she approached wasn't eager. She'd try not to outpace the other woman since it was all about sharing.

"Do you feel like you'd rather sleep with the men here? I could help you do that, too."

Her gifts to the world were the empowered men and women who she bedded.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C8, Scene 4: Menagerie[/size][/u]

Down one of the connecting caverns, there's an officer holding a map. He looks young. Smooth skin, angular jaw, clean-shaven. 

He hails, "You're the comfort woman. Aren't you?"

She nods.

"I'll be watching. From here on remember the first person you have to please. 'Me.' Now get against the wall and spread your legs."

Is he going to make it with the sloppy lovemaking already?

He pressed his gauntlet into The Maiden easily making her feel it dig in her skin. The officer feels her shoulder and her hips then grunts. Something interested him about her hips. He puts a finger to press her nethers open. What was he looking for? She dare not ask.

"You need to wear this down here."

He puts a collar on his new pet. A woman on a leash. There's something pretentious about the whole thing.

The stress is making her excited. The guard's examined her all over and hasn't violated her. When is he going to do it?

"Let's go for a walk," He says it like it was perfectly natural to 'walk' a human.

There's a slave woman lying here in the next room. On top is another woman indentured. They're having relations.

It's not right. How can they do it like this? They're spooning, grinding their legs together. That's not enough to get them off. The Maiden should intervene. 

The guard has his own opinion, "These two appear happy, move on."

He slaps the leg of one slave. The slap must have scared her. The Maiden doesn't speak up but she holds up two fingers on both hands and pantomimes the act of scissoring.

Soon enough there are more slaves.

The soldier says, "They look like they're in need."

She got to work again finally. As the woman attempted her duty, she was being interrupted by the one holding her leash.

Her shepherd advises her in the act of lovemaking, "Why don't you hurry up? A man's dick gets hard and you rub out his piss. A woman like you exists because they have no imagination." He spits on the ground but he doesn't look away. 

The Maiden performs a hand massage, allowing the other to touch her, so they can become comfortable with her body before she gets intimate.

This doesn't make her slavedriver happy. "I pray to Ze-he-kruk, you are wasting time," he haughtily moans. He grabs the sex slave's leash and forces her face down. Then he puts his boot on her head. "You, stick you' thing in there."

Slaves, circumstantially, but they weren't stupid. They did everything he told them. However, the men there couldn't get it up while the renowned woman was in submission.

Sick of the wait, the soldier determined, "They're neutered and dumb, let's go."

He pilfers an ornamental sword and adds it to his belt. He takes his pet with him down the dungeon ally to the cell block.

"The few prisoners who aren't working must be seen to."

They continue into a cell block portion of the excavation. This is newly made, not like the temple floors they've passed through.

They enter a tunnel to the sound of banging bars and madness.

The guard explains, "This is a security checkpoint. Chances are you're the only woman who will even look twice at them after they've become deranged. We separate the genders now, since they start scratching. They rarely sleep, and they don't do anything to relieve themselves besides hump the metal bars."

Raving and banging the bars, one girl's a mess. Frizzy hair, damaged skin. The urge to tend to her welled up in the maid's chest.

Across the block are two men, one bangs the cell bars. The other's hips in turn thrust and his hard dick sticks out, his testicles flap below. They're incredibly strong looking. The body odor from them. They look cruel and angry. They have erections blood red.

When humans are treated so poorly they can resemble mere farm animals. The Maiden would do anything to heal them.

The damaged woman's cell opens.

The honored woman enters and hugs her to comfort her. Up close, the girl in the cell has white skin with scrapes and scabs. Compared to the one who's so fine with dirty skin, she hasn't been out.

"How long are the prisoners kept here?" She asks.

The response from the soldier was merely a scoff.

He instead wanders to the last cell barring the corridor and knocks on the bars. The woman inside presses her back to the bars. The officer says, "You'll be just like her one day." He says it, and he fingers the woman there to tease her for penetration. Certainly, he was fouling her for his own pleasure. He stops.

The maid's not sure what he's thinking anymore. His behavior is too unpredictable. His armor is hiding evidence of his erection. He's mysterious. Her attention returns to the prisoner she's attending.

The two little misses fondle each other. The one in a disheveled mess is uncooperative, looking to provide rather than receive the offered comfort. On the other hand, the playful attitude is starting to get to the maid's head. She's getting so hot. Her need for the other woman grows so fast it's out of her hands, she can't help her wet pussy and her heart quickens. She's really a bisexual slut deep down. She's losing focus, they go so close their wet mouths touch.

"Stop I can't," But this was her work.

"Yes." The little vixen demands. "Yes."

She's so good she's kissing her neck now, her tongue feels so big. Sliding down her top. Sucking her tits, a finger reaches into her and she climaxes from it grazing her there. The woman in scraps of cloth mounts her and shoves a long tongue in. The struggle continues inside. The pleasure doesn't stop. She dances the tongue around, her partner so close again. Let the woman pleasure her. Her body demands. It's her and her, both in need of release, so just let whoever has the most passion take control.

"Alright!" The soldier says, "That's enough."

He opens the gate.

No stopping this freak show! The finger slides around inside. She can almost feel it again, she'll get wetter from the touch of her partner. A rough hand grabs her and drags her out of the grasp and out of the cell. Horny.

Up next are, men. Horny. They's so nasty with their body movements, they're fucking the cage they're in.

She's like a dog in heat. Her body shakes as the adrenaline rises and subsides putting a bounce in her step.

She's allowed a moment at the edge of the cage sweating in anticipation. Their dicks aren't shy, she wants it so bad. "Let me..." She feels one with her hand and soon kneels offering her tongue. The helmet of it makes contact and her attempt to couple her lips causes it to glance off. Her overflowing honeypot demands more. "I'm... Horny!" She stands and presses her hips to the bars presenting herself. A prisoner makes with the goods. "In. In in in in! Stick it in! Ah! Ahhh." The man's dick barely enters thanks to the rail width between her and him before the soldier interrupts.

"You like men so much. Get a load off."

The gates opened and the two behind bars immediately grabbed the horny woman, bringing her in. The gate closes. They sandwich her and hug her waist while standing. The one in the back grabs her upper arms and they double penetrate her.

Anal, she wasn't even thinking it would happen, today. She's got one in her better parts and it's causing the fuzziness again.

"I really love anal sex," She says in a deep monotone drone.

They do that for a while, their joints locked in place, she is unable to do more than just accept it. They enter a horizontal position with her sitting. They move. Her tits bounce and her breathing matches the movement.

Just love anal sex, and her pussy, what they're doing to her. It's like she can't think, but the feeling of them in her is reassuring. She forgets if they came in her. Her pussy is so happy, her sore muscles can take the punishment of their rough grip.

"Enough." The officer opens the gate.

The one in her maiden ass pulls out and takes an aggressive stance.

The next movement is quick, and the prisoner's down on his face.

He helps the pet leave the embrace of the other, "my pussy wants it more..." their genitals momentarily stick but then pop when pulled apart.

Final cell, a woman more opulent looking than any slave she's encountered thus far. Now the comfort maiden is here. She allows for hugging and all the stuff that was supposed to happen. She was already riled up thanks to the guard. The Maiden was almost back in her element getting connected to this woman, emotionally, when she heard the other gates open.

The officer didn't lock them?

The men come straight for the cell with the two.

The other woman is held aside by the officer. She proceeds to finger the light skinned woman in her pussy.

The pet's collar is tugged at by a man roughly, "No don't pull that."

Their hands are all over the two of them. Her body is against a nearly naked hottie. She's feeling very warm. Her attitude changes. The foreplay she's used to isn't like this. Couples don't hire her enough.

"Yes, ye- s. Ah. Oh!"

The soldier steps in and takes their leashes. All the girls are lashed to a bench. They were dogs in heat. They're wide open, legs open in view. Six holes for every pole. Three poles if you count the officer. He doesn't join. He only forced it to happen and watched.

The men spank at their privates. The bound-up girl with fair skin squeals like a kitten. The Maiden's level of pleasure puts her in trance. Their bottoms turn red. They jill up real good. The squeals from her neighbor just turn on The Maiden even more. The girl is very noisy. The noisy girl's spanking lasts even longer, turning everyone on, she looks like she came from it, she's passed out.

The music in her awakened and she melodically hummed and occasionally opened her mouth to sing out her emotions. Until the rough foreplay ended she became a percussive instrument.

The men move behind them, they traded and her red ass is spanked by the other.

The smell of sex in the air. The ornate woman gets her man to clap her ass cheeks. With his dick hard, he sticks it into her ass, he appears to cum and with some gusto, his hips smack and he holds it in.

The Maiden takes the guy's thumb in her ass. He pushes it knuckle-deep while his penis is in her cunt. She continues her tune while happily flexing her anus.

They switch. The bound-up girl's awake and she's anally abused while being spanked again. Her ass cheeks have turned beet red and her blood vessels look like they've broken on the skin.

Still chained to a bench the maid turns her head. The one on her right is being choked lightly by her leash while her bull enters her and pulls out repeatedly. He came again before her. She reaches her own orgasm in a gasp.

The hostility makes The Maiden have the urge. She needed it in her.

Someone's over there in front of them. Two more are joining without introduction. They put their dicks in the left and right mouth holes provided while they're still being fucked angrily by the two men. They choke and look up at the newcomers. There's a loud gulp noise then a great deal of cum pours out of their mouths while their cheeks bulge.

The maiden is flipped onto her back and she's screwed, a man and a woman come from above, and the two women on her sides begin kissing her. A phallic object enters into her mouth, she tilts her head back at first but it's also a tongue. The face came down on her unexpectedly, a man. Surprised, she tries to find a place to look, a jet of warm fluid fills her mouth and it tastes like sperm. The other one, the woman, repeats the same act as the male partner. She has a dick too.

She thought she knew everything about the human condition, now she's taking loads from an anatomical improbability too big for her, and it's spilling out.

The muscular guy feels her tits. The two behind her shoot another stream onto her chest. Her pussy finishes, her body contracts in bliss of her climax. The guy felt it and he speeds up.

"Enough. You're lucky to be here today."

The officer sticks them all into random cells and they move on.

The muscular guy and the one with a cock-tongue with the noisy girl. The girl with a dick, the other muscle guy, and the one with big knockers are put in the other cell. They fuck-it-out in the cells, but there's no clear winner.

The Maiden looks at the walls of the labyrinth that's been constructed with the eye of a stonemason.

"It's pretty shabby work. We're lucky it didn't collapse."

She satisfies her kindred horndogs in the next room. There, her mind is uplifted to a higher plane and in it was a showcase of stone works by artisans of a caliber unmatched.

The depictions are certainly deities of another time. Something the current regime would throw out or demolish on sight. At the end is a tome made with some intricate bone and pages made of human flesh.

That person takes it away. "A slave can't own property. Heh, amazing! Amazing!" The soldier took the dank tome before The Maid has a chance to read it.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C8, Scene 5: Kennel[/size][/u]

"You there." A female bystander examining ancient pottery is alert by the sudden call. "Use this woman. You could use a nice pussy-licking." The guard commands.

They go down on each other. The maid has her succulent clit purchased. The soldier casts heal. He's going to help. Or is he? He stood there experimenting with ineffective spells until he grew bored. Although the magic caused the whore's mind to swirl occasionally, she was rejuvenated at other times. She finished off her partner and stopped when told.

They continue whoring elsewhere.

Dogs with red fur approach them in the tunnel, they're docile.

"Alpha pack. These are good dogs." The soldier pets them. "Do you think their coat is quite nice?"

The Maiden makes to touch one and it is very friendly.

"They smell the bitch blood in you. They have taken a liking to it," He decrees.

He's not making it easy to like him, but the truth is what it is.

The dogs follow wagging their tails walking close to the maid.

She's happy there are such friendly animals here. So far, her job here has been a nonstop screw. It's nice to see a change. They enter a room that's been refitted with cages.

"Hello Kennel-Master," The soldier announced them after climbing out a tunnel.

What was there is a great creature. "Amazing," whispers the maid. An amazing figure of a woman with red-satin wings, and a booty rivaling hers, you could really get behind her if you were a man, coming from the maiden's opinionated mind. She'd be interested in a duet with the astounding woman before her. Burnished, deep, black with shining red high tones from her oily refined skin down to her feet. She was wearing a pleated skirt with nothing but her generous curves cushioning her.

The Kennel-Master is holding someone astride her, she glides down on him, connected at the waist. The maid wants to praise her again witnessing her unparalleled folds are sucking him in gently.

He looks to be frozen solid mid-climax. She's chanting for several seconds. A dog from the immaterial, just like the others. It's indistinguishable from the alpha pack without a closer look.

Embraced by her, he breathes in deep and lets out a long orgasm. His dick slides out of her. She sets him down for his rest. His jets can't fire up for at least a minute.

"Aaaah." She stretches. "You brought me someone. Is this her?"

A nod from the soldier holding a slave at less than arm's length. From the front, the woman's wearing Egyptian silk, and as she smiled she indicated her new puppy.

"Then it's time my babies gave it their all."

A command is issued by her keeper, "Get on your knees bitch."

The maiden shakes her head. Fuck a dog. She hasn't done this. She wants to shake her head some more but the leash is pulled close to his face, his breath is on hers. She can't say no, the oppressive gaze. Also, she's very horny. She gets down and covers her face. Her skirt barely hiding anything is flipped up and the dogs sniff her. Was she really a bitch to them? These aren't normal dogs.

She watches as the sheathed head of a dog's cock pokes out repeatedly excited. It starts coming out. They're too excited to hold back. She can see one fully aroused make his way behind her.

One mounts her. His dick can separate her tight insides easily, the spear point tucks its way in, his knot easily fits until it bulges and she flexes her entrance around it in some repetitive spontaneous twitch. With a sudden expectation, she's imagining the dog's cum filling her. His cock is so big, oh god he's going to try and pull out. He tugs, the knot is caught, and then begins to repeatedly push in and out. There's no other way to put this the dog is making love to her, and she's enjoying it.

The statuesque Kennel-Master and the officer sit and observes The Maiden getting bred. "Here darlings." Another few dogs come over to the front. Their tails wag while the masters pet them.

"It's my turn now." The officer pets the back of the maiden and the top of her head while her client finishes.

Another dog enters her. He turns and wags his tail with their butts close together. Her folds of her asscheeks generously cup the hindquarters and backside of the dog.

The Kennel-master returns to the man whose recovering, slips around him, and chants her next spell.

The officer appears turned on. The officer removes his undergarments and brings his pet and the connected hound to a stone seat. It wasn't very far away.

"You have to please me first. Remember?" He asks.

She nods. The officer sits and lies back and lifts his legs revealing... a clit.

That's all she could think before her collar is yanked and the dog locks his knees for another blast of dogdick sperm. Her face is shoved into the cunt.

The officer's legs are in the air, being serviced, that must be nice, "That's it, don't stop." The dog finishes. Another one can replace him, so it goes. This one's mounted front-to-back doggystle.

"Use your tongue dear."

The Kennel-Master whistles and the dog speeds up repeatedly pushing her face in. "This is it." The dog cums a hot load into her. She absolutely loves these cum loads. She feels her cunt defeating each dog. The swell of their knot fights. The officer's girlcum spreads out onto the maid's face and tits.

"Thanks. That's all of them right? I think we can get going now," she tells the Kennel-Master.

The eagle riding her mate waves goodbye.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C8, Scene 6: Scavengers[/size][/u]

During their next trek, a fox begins following at a distance. The female officer is unconcerned. She's not the one he's staring at.

A blue giant has entered the tunnel. The officer fights it in earnest. His immaterial body phases through.

The fox approaches and touches the pet that was left alone.

Oh how cute! She holds the innocent-looking creature.

The woman appears to be losing, she casts a spell to enhance herself. The creature is extending its energy into specters lancing through his opponent which will no doubt end the fight. Enchanted with Yakre, the guard's able to force him away.

The fox runs over to her now, she's caught off-guard. She slips and her slit is in view again, her skirt hiked up.

The pet sees this happening and has to decide. Should she help?

She hurries over and gets stopped by the giant. She's powerless after all. Through the hazy blue energy surrounding them, she sees the fox trying to fuck the officer.

She attempts to deny its entry before she's brought on her elbows and knees by encircling glowing snares.

The fox proceeds with her like that. A cock exits the cavern of the giant. His fat cock under her chin grazes her neck while the woman's penetrated from both ends until her belly and womb are both full. She fills up after some intense squeezing and tensing of her body, she's quite fit. A torrent of energy and cum pours out her ass and cooch when the fox pulls out. He runs, disappearing to some other place.

This absurd show plays out for The Maiden to watch. The creature removes his cock. He grabs the officer's legs and turns her upside down. He casts a simple spell binding arms and legs together behind her in shackles. His mouth works at her from above, on her nethers.

The officer chants. Her pet is empowered. The maid breaks out of the restraints blowing away the tendrils holding her.

So, this is the true power of the spells. The power of the true god seethes through her. She pushes the giant away grabbing the master and it immediately retreats to the other plane.

Good, the officer thinks. Then she sees the look in her pet's eye.

She's forced on her elbows and knees while in shackles. The tome is taken from her. The collar is placed around her neck.

The true owner of the tome has arrived, its knowledge pouring into her. She can feel his energy, this power. She forces the officer to perform cunnilingus. She casts a spell that wreaths fingers around her body. This pose. She summons another fox who fucks her captor and she reclines, pulling at the leash until she's satisfied. A torrent of her girlcum covers the officer's face.

She gets the sense the fox wants to steal her pet and drag her into a realm to be pleasured, out of sight, out of mind. Instead, he's dismissed.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C8, Scene 7: Fuck Machines[/size][/u]

The new master of the labyrinth has encountered a perplexing contraption. A woman is getting creampied while two pressurized dildos fuck her in a corner of the room. She's bouncing around her body, unable to stand it. Her teeth gritted. On the floor are exhausted women who've had such an accident. This annoys The Maiden.

"What the hell?! You have this thing. Why am I here?"

The woman on the contraption climaxes loudly and gets off with her eyes rolled up, jizz flows out of her, and she slows her descent pushing her body against a pillar before collapsing to the floor twitching.

The contraption's free. The artist drags her pet towards it. She removes any remaining armor that wasn't taken by the beast to reveal her feminine form.

She doesn't want to ride it. The pet fights along the way. Successfully at first, only to be caught by her leash and strangled. Her pet shakes her head looking fearfully.

With a little enchantment, she picks the ex-soldier right up and puts her on. 

The machine begins automatically. Up her ass, up her pussy, the woman grabs handle bars near her chest to stabilize herself and she bears her teeth starting to snarl. The mechanism performs the ancient task. Being violated by a machine, she doesn't look too excited, as a matter of fact, she's keeping pace with it.

The musician sings a summon spell to a melodic beat rather than merely chanting.

A star-pointed Illmuire will produce a mate now.

Out from nothing, a man with long hair and broad shoulders appeared. The Maiden discovers she's in a man's body.

The helpless woman caught in the machine becomes aroused seeing him. He pets her face, she's so into this now. Such a pretty face. This is where his cock will go. Facefucking the woman from this position she's turned on enough to climax. The machine pumps fluids into her. It's not obvious what it is, but it definitely imitates human cum. While enjoying her mouth he returns to the original body.

The Maiden sees the man she was a moment ago. He's still playing with the woman who's now fainting, ass blown out, pussy dripping cum. The machine's stopped.

"Dismissed." She says.

He shakes his head. His dick is still hard. The machine is turned off and the woman is being ejected just enough she's faceplanted into his crotch.

"Do what I tell you."

He smiles, no, actually quite nice. She's starting to feel something for him.

"Ok," her voice was a little too high, "Come with us."

They continue. Her pet's being held by the man now, her wrists are bound. His knuckle's under her chin holding the leash to him. He fingers her to prepare her for his own pleasure which. He's slowing things down.

Despite enjoying seeing the man enjoy her ex-captor so greedily, the master hurries them along, "Come on, we don't have all day."

In the following room are three women. Someone, a woman in the group blurts. "Help!" The pet is speaking out of turn.

"This is a slave and a man who has been summoned. They're traitors. Stop them!"

She meant to alert the ones who were in there. Ungrateful bitch.

They get up and try to capture the new entries while the officer fights her leash.

"Nonsense," Says the Maiden who summons a force-field. She then summons purple tentacles. They follow her will and permeate the surroundings. Now they're powerless, she holds them there. She glances at her summoned beefcake. Things are getting intense for the couple.

He is fingering the officer to climax. He plants a kiss on her lips. He fucks her against the wall. He's playfully biting her neck while she's cumming. His cum spills out and her mouth opens from the pleasure as he continues screwing her.

Oh, never mind them. Her attention returns to the three women. They've already begun to uncontrollably orgasm while being held. Just the essence of these tentacles is so potent sexual contact was unnecessary. She lets them go and flicks the tip of the tentacles at them, spreading its stuff over their bodies. She can't feel the orgasm, but the deep satisfaction of defiling them in the special way E' can do it is enough.

She disrobes them and summons blue shackles. Five pets. Hmm, six. She shackles the man who's so disobedient to continue screwing when she dismissed him. And he's only a little hot, she greedily eats him with her eyes.

Another place, another where. What is that? A scorpion and another?

In chorus, "Please save us. We're not slaves."

She needs to gag these pets.

"I'm horny," says one.

"Alright, you can deal with that thing."

In front of them is a dick-scorpion. The maid pulls the horny girl forward and the scorpion latches to her face, she only has a moment to understand her strength is nothing before he uses her. The long tail slips in, down her throat, and pistons in and out making her body quake.

A larger red-winged woman unfurls in view revealing an ornate bejeweled body. And amazing diamond-hard nipples on tits of magnitude. She has coppery skin, almost red. Red eyeliner. Her hair's a natural red wave. Her nips have delectably seductive mounds full of ruby areolae. The hills from one nipple to the other swoop and cleam like polished incandescent waterways. Down the stripe of her womanly runway is a river of enchanting bumps with a divot, and below is a grove. In an an oasis there's a shining pearl of the most precious make and weight. And surrounded by the sinful curves... combined with the wings framing her...

She's so beautiful to The Maiden it's terrifying. She looks back up to the woman's face and swoons. Her nips have puffed out in response.

Without hesitation, she throws the man at her. She gets behind him and pushes him to her.

"Take him and let me pass."

She certainly takes him. He's shocked at the sight of her and now caught in her legs. She shakes her head like it isn't enough and points. She wants all of them right now. The maiden ties their leashes on a torch stand.

The scorpion blows. It makes a chittering noise, and there's a high-pitched squirt as its jets pressurized, followed by loud gurgling. The collar around the neck snaps and, his mate teleports away with him.

The winged one screws the man immediately and summons a fox as he cries out in pleasure. The fox fucks one bound woman. The woman looks at the maid and smiles.

"Would you like to join? They simply are taken with you." The breeder offers.

Summon tentacles, summon defense, summon the power of the cum ancient. She could. Her power surpasses even this. She relaxes. The foxes are simply enjoying life. They were also excited by her.

"No thanks."

Another fox is summoned and he takes the soldier, a little too quickly. Bound up like that, tied down, she just had a moment to try escaping and shook her ass at its insertion before it was all the way in.

There was another. Another fox, another woman at his mercy.

"I can make another for you. It's no trouble." The fox breeder offers.

But the woman shakes her head again, "I'm prepared to give my all to men. It's not that I dislike your kind offer. I'll take back my pets and be on my way if that's alright."

In response, a sigh. Her children seem to understand and release the menagerie.

"Alright. Not even we can understand what you're up against. We are slaves here. One and all."

She cradles the exhausted man and sits letting his head lie in her lap. Her foxes come over.

A moment later, the woman who teleported away returns from the dimension. Her body came to rest on the stony floor. A residue of glowing cum was spread all over her body. She coughs up some and rattles out a slur of some kind involving scorpion tails and foxes.

The crafty woman considers. "Lady with the foxes, would you like to come? I'm sure there are plenty of men who'd enjoy your special gift. Although you must keep your babies under control."

The 'lady with the foxes' pleasently smiles at her offering. Why... she'd be delighted.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C8, Scene 8: Ninja Gaiden[/size][/u]

They walk along. Two groups of pets and their keepers.

The foxes are getting frisky with the women. She's mine, take that one. Who's getting what lay.

There's a man totally enamored by his captor who towers over the rest. Her crimson wings are neatly folded up behind her into a mock tail and she waggles her 'tail' at him every time he looks low enough.

They discover an alcove with pedestals well-lit from the outside. In it, there's a man and a woman. She's giving him head trying to do the most intense deepthroat.

She's amazing. The comfort maiden doesn't even go that hard. Seeing the new arrivals the woman stops.

"Who's there?" She asks.

"Hold up." The man says. "This one's my type." He approaches and fondles The Maiden. "Let's fuck."

Is this ok? Her eyes try to get a feel for the room watching the woman who was playing with him a moment ago. Like it's a handshake, his dick goes in and he helps her get comfortable. She checks his heartbeat in her. She feels his warm body. He is a living and breathing man with very dark skin. He's entirely human, it's amazing being with a real human again. He looks a little surprised after a moment.

"She is pure of heart. Shit. I've been here screwing those pink hoes. She's the real deal. The only way to know a woman is to get down. Damn!" He adds,. "She's not flippin her shit all over my nuts like those freaky cult chicks do." 

The girl with him, seeing her boyfriend sleep with another woman right in front of her, was not bothered at all. She approaches and kneels above, her face goes in, she gives her lips to the maid.

The taste of cum. The twitch of her sensitive skin. The Maiden knows this woman enjoys oral satisfaction immensely. She has a guilty look after merely a kiss. That confirms the intuition. Also, something she's repressing. Hang on, this is the ninja she just learned about.

After greeting the newly chosen lead. After getting to know her. They stare daggers at the pets. They turn back to the maid. The ninja speaks.

"Our trial is over. Take this. Keep it safe."

The essence of Yakre.

The artisan captures the essence in some cloth. "Do it for me," the essence whispers to her. Her mind explores possibilities. Arcane knowledge of carnality. She knows the lechery in the heart of man. The generations of broken promises, the secrets, the lust, the hatred. The sadness and joy of ignorance, craving, and aggression. The hypocrisy of those that have betrayed nature. Those who are imprisoned in thought. Every hole is a goal. Every pole is a goal's goal.

"Come along." She refers to the couple and quickly sizes up the sneak.

"Sure. We'll be better off out of this place." Says the big guy.

They're all with her now. What will come? The indecency of her not warning them. She's wet after luring them in. Her nipples hurt.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C8, Scene 9: Show Time[/size][/u]

The group of smokin' hot ladies continues with some confidence.

There were unsuspecting victims ahead. Indeed, the three men there were surprised.

"Is this a revolt?"

The leashed women have a sinking feeling. The woman with wings comes forward and drops one man's pants. He's well endowed. She takes him in, just like that.

"I guess we're going to comfort these men." Then to the soldier, "Soldier, you're going to deal with this one."

She hands over one pet, then consorts the last. His penis is big and rough to the touch.

"I know this," she steps back after reveling in her secret.

She ushers another one of her girls, substituting her.

The hawk's man is finished soon. The other two are being bullied. No matter how much they're punished, they put up with it.

The two slaves finish and pull up their pants.

"Gentlemen, we'll be on our way."

With her back turned they try to grab her. She just finished her incantation. They're hoisted up and drawn away from her.

"I would have left you alone but now you've gone and made it so there's no other choice. Fox girl, breed."

It would be trivial with the energy running through to take them herself, but there's a certain satisfaction seeing her do her work.

"Hey sucky-girl. There's one for you." The ninja knew that meant her. She feels him. "Can I get a boon? I don't..." She's given that corrupt enchantment and her pussy melts. She almost climaxes before she mounts him. Just two guys incredibly hard getting waxxed off by jillmeister cumgarblers. The girls get off like wet sponges full of suds. The cum dripping out after is both genders. The men aren't able to go any longer.

"Did you feel that?"

"Yeah. We were lucky."

They pass through a room with a magic puzzle. It's too obvious. The Maiden snatches it up and they move on.

They encounter a wolf. The narrow corridor doesn't allow many to pass so The Maiden wished to go first.

The cornered wolf, a large number of women, some foxes. He waits for a swift demise. Instead, her hand gently pets and scratches. He wants to mate with her, her energy is making him even more aroused. He lies down and shows his submissive belly and hard prick.

"Suck his dick bitch!" She looks back. It was not obvious who spoke, but it must be a pet.

"I'll do it." The ardent one, the canine leader, the fox breeder volunteers.

Her mate is a lone wolf, commonly a weakling of the pack, "Virgin." Her wings unfold slightly having her mate in front of her it's difficult to control as she reaches out. "I'm going to suck yor dick now. If you fight I'll force you to cum faster, relax and enjoy it." He should understand. She takes the male's cock in her hand feeling how it might work. He's ready for her. She's got him partway in, her lips gauging his sensitivity. The sexy fuck like an oily pond riddled with precious metals sucks dog dick.

The foxes are excited and try to get some action from their designated women. After popping some pussy they were ready for anal play so the bitches should be grateful. They gonna get some fluffy fox cummies, tailwags.

Unbeknownst to the group, another watches, getting hornier.

Showing the rest of the women how it's done. She lets it go so he can breathe. She tries to let the penis touch every part of her face. It's pretty big for a wolf. She works her way down slowly with her tongue licking it until the wolf cums with her lips around his knot. She swallows and lets him enjoy it, when she deepthroats it she accidentally gags. His furry testicles touch her face and she turns her head to look. The rest of the party is staring at her body. The man is watching her eyes. She only needed a moment to laugh it off. She just met them, they don't know how breeders fuck.

She needed to take the edge off so she got on top of the stud and made out with his muzzled face before extracting his seed. "You're so cute, how'd you end up alone? Huh?" She lets him get hard again. Making sure her ass was in view of the audience, she slips him in. His cock is kissed by the power within. He let out an audible breath, like any other man, he can't resist the kiss. Her entrance lets in his knot after and squeezes it like a warm hug before pulling up and she raises up. With a thunk, his back falls to the floor on release. The wolf having been mated. Glows and closes his eyes.

She kisses his face. After that extra flare of showmanship has left them all stunned silent, a sneak attack! Not hers though.

An octopus falls down on her hair, she only feels him a moment before he wraps around her face and grabs her jaw, fucking her mouth. He's big enough to cover her head and grab her breasts at the same time. Her wings come up to flap and her hands both trying to pull him off. She loses the image of power she had a moment ago.

Suddenly a plaything. She reinserts the wolf, to his delight. She's reaching to stop the molestation of her breasts but doesn't seem to be trying. Her hands keep drooping down to her sides and instead her hips jerk up and smack back down on the wolf's nuts.

"Her tits! Someone should help," offers the maid.

The ninja and maid come to the rescue. Their uncommon friend is getting deepthroated against her will. Her breasts are being sucked on eliciting sporatic chest heavals and stomach palpitations and every suction cup around her body held it fast. The mammeries' molestation is overpowering leaving her helpless.

There's a lot of cum streaming down her chin between her tits, her throat working with audible gulps, her head's being forced back. With her chest stuck out. Her tits are forced together and her shoulders jump. There's a cry from out her nose when the wolf cums in her in earnest. They can't stop the octopus from flooding her and pulling its suction cups off her tits they see the red marks as her tits unsuck from it in a snap of opening a vacuum. He sucked off some of her decorations.

The final remaining bit of strength she has is to have an orgasm of her own.

All three teleport away.

Not even a moment later a woman appears.

Her skin is pale. She's naked. She's like an animal, she bares her teeth and shrieks to frighten them. She has tattered red wings, she's spreading them out. Her red hair is a complete mess, matted in some places, curly in others. Her breasts are swollen red, they look like they've been squeezed to some extremes, just to mess her up, there are various marks on them. She's been pregnant, but she's not anymore. She gained some weight or lost muscle tone. Milk drips from the areolae, they're big, like zeppelins, they can't contain what's in them. Her makeup has been wiped away. Her jewelry is missing.

It was evident this was the fox breeder from moments ago. There's no telling how long she was in the other dimension but things happened to her. In a moment, large quantities of glowing blue cum and trails of red energy pour out every sexual orifice while her legs shake. Her arms shake and she hides her breasts before turning to the floor. She opens her mouth and out comes the rest. She drops to her knees and her inflated womb shrinks back down while her breasts hang to the floor.

A red aura about her regenerates her wounded and distorted body gradually. It's how they can make the forced mating her last.

The ninja is standing on her toes from excitement. Her boyfriend's dick is hard and long after seeing that.

The Maiden can tell, if the woman before them wasn't part of the group, they'd fuck her. After years of being trained by the temple guardians, their notion of acceptable courting was slightly warped.

"Help her, then we can get going."

They use healing spells. Even so, she looks distrustfully at them. They could have stopped him on time if they wanted to. She's been thinking of this for a long time.

The maid is sure she'll be ok with a little magic. She's also thinking about who is getting defiled next.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C8, Scene 10: Barrier[/size][/u]

They encounter a group of women. Two have dicks, they're fucking another who's gasping and moaning. They're cumming repeatedly switching between her ass and vadge, so one's always resting waiting for the other to finish. A third, much bigger, clad in armor is watching. She sees the group and stops them, just only needs a moment see seems to tell them waving her hand. She casts a spell and her body seethes in red energy. So it's a fight.

The pets are handed off for safekeeping. The summon can take care of them.

A group of foxes and other companions grapple with the Amazon while the maid watches. She's tough at first but with a little magic cast on their bodies the energies mix. Blue tentacles grab the Amazon around her tough abs, her breasts are bundled up above them, and she's turned on her back.

A horny ninja eats her out. The corrupt fox wife aims for the Amazon's face, it can't cum like a penis but she moves like she fucks when she does it on her anyways. Her own girlcum spreads around from the forced oral. The force momentarily smothers the big woman but a strike of her tongue is effective, her pussy contracts around it and she fails to cast her summon because the tongue can slip in and out easily.

The remaining male of the group sees this and can't move.

"You want some honey?" The ninja pulls one muscular ass cheek to the side from where she's working, showing off the Amazon's tremendous wet girlcum slathering buttonhole. Raising an eyebrow to her mate Nin beckons, telling he should accept this anal presentation.

He accepts the asshole of a woman approximately his size, his girlfriend helps him in. He grabs the beefy glutes and spreads her. The giantess climaxes and nearly passes out. The man up her ass is done by the time she stops fighting it. He pulls out and her anus slips closed, so he sticks it back in just to see how resilient her asshole was. Impressed, he keeps doing that and cums inside her again. He gets his energy back, and blue enchantments stack on him, then her ass really gets swiggity.

The maid enters the fray entirely focused on one big woman. After enchanting her body the girl-on-girl gangbang continues with scissoring.

The foxes have some fun with her thereafter until their master unlatches her head, a glob of corrupt lubricant trailing off of her pussy onto her face. The Amazon's eyes are closed. She grabs the Amazon's hair and kisses her deeply like that. It wasn't a loving kiss, more sexually frustrated than a blueballed prom date. Her hands squeeze the woman's tits as she does and she tries cramming her tongue as deep as possible.

The tentacles release her. The two futanari are getting worn out. Everyone else leaves having shut down the Amazon giantess.

This is unusual. There's a long corridor with a bunch of men and women climaxing repeatedly. Slaves, no warriors.

"You first."

Two pets are sent in, as expected, they cum until they're incapacitated.

The same thing with the foxes, who vanish.

"It looks like this is where we part." Referring to the summoned man.

He puts his hand on the foxy-boober who's been forcing herself on him repeatedly up to this point and vanishes.

The Maiden casts protection on the ninja. She scampers across.

"It's fine. We can make it this way. I only came once."

They all reach the other side but one guy has to pull down his pants near the end. The winged goddess took advantage of him then, her now fair skin smashed into his black nutsack and he spent, firmly lodged.

They made it to the other side but he was already hard again. Three horny women took him on, excited. They teased him and had him fuck the remaining pet that they dragged along, the one nearly in full uniform still.

She has some time to fully appreciate a man's touch while everyone kept her from escaping. They managed to get off on it.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C8, Scene 11: Guardians Go All the Way[/size][/u]

There's a room with murals. It was only slightly sketchy with a bottomless pit stretching the whole floor besides the bridge. Ninja time.

"I've got it."

Oh good, the Maiden was going to suggest it. This will be entertaining. There are a couple of female slaves on the sides dusting off the bas-relief sculptures of giant worms. She speaks with one as the ninja takes a walk.

"Do you need some assistance?"

Interrupting ninja, "AH!"

Something stretched up next to her, a giant worm. Go figure. The ninja sneaks past, maybe if she's quiet. The maid's perverse imagination requires more contributors to the following scene.

"Fox lady, can you help?"

An affirmative. She comes close to the bridge, the remaining pet's leash in hand. The girls in the room get wet.

The Maiden knows, "Ah. You look like you need relief. I'll help with that."

She comforts her new friend watching the show from a safe vantage point.

The worms come out when Nin pulls the lever. One immediately wraps around her. She's ill-prepared. Another. The worms get her on her back and insert into her missionary as she's suspended mid-air.

The winged woman looks a little worried but another worm reaches around. Now they're equally fucked. Her pet is dragged along with her. They have sex with the women, as expected. They fill them. And, as a result, the women are slaves to the lust of the guardians.

Now things get interesting. The girls are lost in their bliss kiss, the breeder's hands on the ninja's face, the pet holds her mouth open for attention between with their object of affection close to them. A worm slides between their lips and they suck at it like a cock. The end of it slides along the pet's tongue hitting the roof of her mouth and when she dips her head to suck it harder it plunges down her throat.

The winged breeder gives the ninja a rim-job and turns so her own ass touches the other.

The ninja fellates another huge dick (worm) until it dives in. The breeder makes out with another worm, it cums before it can even begin drilling into her, she licks it and relaxes her throat to let it go down. Cums is all over her face, a lovely sight.

They start rocking back and forth until their butts grind together. The ninja's head drops and the first worm makes an appearance out of her anus while she shudders. Cum exits the other woman's ass like a faucet. The worm dives in, there is a thick connection between them writhing and shoving its way through.

They fuck each other moving like that. They stop, the breeder's belly inflates, her second worm's bulging in her. It pushes the other out and they twist around each other falling back to the other woman's internally cumshots ricochet inside either of them. Her belly inflates.

The pet's asshole stretches out as her guardian exits. She can't seem to stop flexing her abs from the sensation of it like she thought she was defacating, and so much more had to come out. The full length might be ten meters before it slips out. Her face was a mess from the slime and webby cumshots. There might have been some silk threads in there too.

The only man there is chatting with a slave who's downright ready to suck his dick from "what up?" She does it eventually, but he has some real bangers to tell her.

Two women, strangers to each other, grind their clits together while the rest of the party are being violated. The Maiden knows they are above a breeding ground for these guardians. Thirsty guardians, ever seeking a host, to procreate.

More come, surrounding the three who've been caught weaving silk to nest with the women on top of the bridge.

After enjoying that, the maid crosses the bridge and the worms part. There are the three, tangled up with their arms and legs stuck in a mass of writhing flesh and webbing. She pets the cheek of the girl her size, Nin. Their stretched-out bellies are getting bigger. They're completely enthralled allowing it, enjoying it.

The creatures have had their time, she simply wants her pets back. She casts a barrier and the worms finish cumming with some high-velocity projectiles in retaliation and run away. It got messy. The two ass-to-ass separate as their worms retreat back the way they came in. There's a blast of cum-trails as they disconnect unravel and re-enter the butts.

The majority of the filling came out as the women splay out.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C8, Scene 12: Unlimited Comfort[/size][/u]

The party of four was there at the meeting, and one pet who no longer wishes to fight.

Ultigirl wearing ceremonial armor sporting a metal cock meets with the prostitute.

"What news do you bring me?"

The Maiden shakes her head.

She explains, "Men, women, animals, slave and soldier alike copulated with me. There were some things I dare not speak of."

"Yes. Good work." The desert scourge looks the maid up and down. "There's something about you. Have your eyes changed color since we last spoke?" She continues looking them all over examining the group that came. "I'll take you all on."

The scourge easily overpowers the group leader. Merely reaching out to her.

The Maiden's head fills with whispers of pain and pleasure, somehow not distinguishing between either. So she screams at the touch of red energy, her mind fraying while her cup runneth over. She's pushed aside like a helpless toy.

The fox breeder attempts to escape splaying her frayed wings, they're too short. She screeches and there's a snapping noise from her nethers. The pursuer is there immediately in front of her. Her face is in the breeder's chest caressing them.

The breeder knocks away the scourge's phony armor. The metal cock falls away and so do her undergarments, revealing what was hidden underneath.

She grabs the winged woman's wrists, pulling them down forcing her belly out. The scourge's penis is ready, it's ribbed, not much different from the armor she wore.

A trick. Even so. The greedy devil pounces on her cock and tries to summon a fox but she's wracked with the sensation touching her breasts.

"Don't forget your true master." Says the scourge.

For it is Dread. She goes limp, allowing Dread to screw her standing. Her body rocks back repeatedly trying to pull her zeppelins far enough away. If she had only been a little stronger, she could dominate any cock.

"Women like you need to be taught manners."

The ninja and large male try to take Ultigirl by surprise with force.

Even while the remaining two attempt to pull her off, she places the large woman to the ground on her back and forces her legs up behind her head.

Her cock slices through the crevice and up to her anus then penetrates her ass. The recipient registers the pain and growls. She slaps her hips going in and out. Her nuts hit the tailbone of the woman below. There's a blast of steaming hot cum that knocks the wind out of the pale-skinned red-winged goddess who yells about as loud as someone surprised by the unexpected could before something prevented her. She's clearly knocked out from her senses.

Dread yawns deep and pulls out. The doll releases her cum in a stream out her ass into a puddle on the ground. Then turns and lets more of it fly out her mouth.

After being satisfied, all that were left are rabble. She grabs them both while they're behind her and tosses them over her shoulder, both at once. They land on the breeder and the puddle of glowing cum. They're a little bruised.

She fucks the ninja with her dick. Resistance didn't have any meaning. Brought to her knees and screwed doggystyle, her head falls limp, she becomes a blow-up cum dumpster.

Then Dread hides her cock and fucks the boyfriend with her pussy and forces him to move for her with a red jolt of energy. She'll keep him around. Amazons love men.

She approaches the comfort woman once more and pulls her to her chest. She falls limp. Her arms are held by the pink sadist holding her body up.

"No, please. I can't. Please don't." Dread looks down at her. "You have nothing to fear. I haven't even put it in yet."

She materializes her dick. Zeth's dick. She watches her toy try to escape fruitlessly. Her mouth is the target. In she geos.

To the one being violated, it's like a thick ribbed shell of a nut. Her mind tries to shut out the pleasure and she does her work as The Maiden. The heartbeat within feels like an orgasm every pulse. The cock's energy was not of this world. There's a vital essence, blood and pink energy. It goes deeper easily shoving her tongue and knocking her jaw around, there's no comparison in strength. Each thrust, the nutsack slapping into her chin was like a pendulum. There was no vulnerability. There's an ancient living within this woman, He broke her.

The girl's wide tearful eyes as she deepthroats her new master was quite cute. Her stomach must have burst open. Her teeth were broken. Her tongue bruised purple. Her cheeks, despite her skill she gagged and energetic cum came out her mouth and asshole. After cumming in the throat of a pretty maiden she'd be ruined. She blows regenerative energy into her with the cum, restoring the damage. Her receptical was in pristine condition.

After doing that several times she wraps her arms around the little woman. She penetrates her honeypot and fucks the daylights out of her squeaking toy.

The remaining Amazon pet is incredibly aroused. She's seeing Dread in her glory.

"No! Not inside!" Screams The Maiden with her pussy defiled.

There's a gush of running liquid. She lets out an utter of contempt. She fills with cum. The force of Dread's orgasm is like a punch in the gut after breaking her pelvis slamming together the blow from inside ran straight to her head. Then she takes it up the ass.

Red tentacles hold her while she pleads for mercy. As her stomach inflates she gives up nearly suffocating.

Dread continues cumming, doubling her squishy toy's volume before letting her recover. Seeing her grow and shrink, squealing in distress, "You're cute," Dread says, pulling out her cock and putting it back in the girl's pussy.

The toy screams some fiercely convoluted explanation why this was a bad idea and contorts her back climaxing. Her body's turning red and her face and tits are puffy. Sweat is pouring out of her from the stress of both the intercourse, and the heat of the cum boiling inside her. And then she was healed.

She holds a hand over the noisy bitch's mouth this time, and thrusts hard enough it had to hurt. Loud clapping noise resounded as they slap together. A few times, she might have came. Simply feeling the friction once again after her climaxes and thrusts broke it in was deeply satisfying. She held her toy and saw her cock smash in and out.

Deeply impressed by her violation. The woman's insides were unable to resist. Not only that, she took aim at the woman's lower back and broke her vagina in a blazing eruption of crimson power. Her fuckable doll fell like a sack of wet clay. The torn up woman was going to die. She groped the woman's generous ass with her blown out pussy boiling in her, Zeth's ejaculate, and cast heal again.

No more, please no more.

The soldiers are brought in, and with very hard pricks they carry the defeated women away to their permanent residence as part of the pillar's foundation.

They stop part way to collar them.

"So are they alright to sex?"

"They are going to be cast in the pillar walls anyways," the men did nasty stuff, as hard as they wanted.

After being stuck in the wall, either the whole front or back of a woman was displayed to make them easily accessible to visitors. Their genitals and faces exposed, anything that might come their way could fornicate with them. During the off-duty hours the soldiers came back many times, countless times.

The men who brought them enjoyed the view so much they did them again immediately before announcing the new installments.

They couldn't age under the mass ritual. They were nourished by certain passers by as well as magic. Being hung luxuriously close to the floor they were a popular attraction.

They brought in horses who step all over the women on the floor. 

The fox breeder is positioned facing down. Someone penetrating her can grab her tits to disarm her. For a time she is a living cocksleeve as well as the rest of them. Her wings are tucked away, insignificantly useless as they were encumbered.

Thousands of others forming the pillar were slowly added on top of them.

The women on the wall were often paired, and their clits were able to grind endlessly.

Surprise butt sex was kind of the thing most men enjoyed back then. It came as a surprise when the breeder and ninja began showing.

The Maiden remained an emotional mess. Having become Yakre's thrall she ended up like this.

Fox breeder and maiden were paired, so too, they would mate. They argued all day and the breeder took over her body at night. It's not like a dick but it was satisfying. Her cock-milking tricks worked on a clit almost just as well. Her casual sex partner simply had to give up everything to her whim at times instead of raving.

The ninja only saw her boyfriend a couple of times before the Amazons ruined him for her. After that, he refused to see her.

A guy who came for her deluxe service face time. He spilled it while he was getting his shaft polished by the gargling upside-down prostitute above her. He gave his condolence and left, and visited her other side to get nasty rebound pussy.

Her boyfriend came back after a few months to find that his girl and the breeder were no longer pregnant. The Maiden was showing.