Continuing from pink alignment

Hypererotic Bitch Booty Lust Overdrive

[u][size=115]Plaster Caster[/size][/u]

He's standing at the corner of the room. He's examining what was once a tasteless picture of a hellish landscape. It becomes evident what the detailed drawing on the wall is.

There are countless women stacked in columns forming what looks like an erect flesh tower. The number of faces were upward near a thousand. A caked substance settling down columns was covering their backs. Protrusions come out of their mouths and privates. The protrusions resemble worms digging through an apple. The serpentine creatures wrap around the structure threading it like an enormous quilt tapestry. The accuracy of the depiction is beautiful and terrible.

He's excited enough to remember to pop a boner.

The artist must be the horny uncle. Of course, who else. No doubt, trying to recreate every last woman who was sent in with his imagination. This was drawn for his perverse pleasure, wasn't it?

What other things can he hope to regret finding here?

He looks around the room, if he just looked a little harder maybe, the statue catches his eye. He goes over. Something about her looked real.

He notices the pulse of her vagina with his fingers. The warmth of the candle wax. He cleans her entrance with some dry wipes and slides his dick in with some magic lube. He feels her clit and works it with his fingers. Twitch. She's so wet. Sticking his dick in her ass he appreciates her. He hears her gasp in surprise. Her anus resists, then let him in, wiggling her butt, letting him slide into her sphincter a little at a time. The entrance contracts. He cums. His petrified cum dump. She could use a better cleaning.

So that she doesn't lose her appeal he wipes her down and replaces the candles.

There's another chapter.

He didn't go around fucking all the statues in the mansion.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=130]Chapter 9, Title: Porn to End All Porn[/size][/u]

[u][size=115]C9, Scene 1: Beguiling the Cock Guardian[/size][/u]

Dread is pumping her dick in and out of a little thing. Her fetish for short women is starting to become a legend. The woman is spent. Has been or quite some time. She's loudly bellowing with each breath having lost all composure of a woman.

She pulls out and ties her recently acquired fuckable toy squeezebag to the altar immediately. The now bound woman has her ass fingered and accepts the thick cock against her will with little resistance.

A servant wearing nunnish robes approaches as this sodomy continues.

"We're running out of unsuspecting hosts for the guardian. The current selection is losing their will, mere puppets now. He's going to get bored."

Still screwing her conquest, Dread responds, "It's about time we settle who's in charge here." She removes her dick and wipes it. "Take over here for me."

The servant disrobes and puts her spiked dick into the bound woman's ass. The rest of the session is noisy screaming, squealing confessions of adultury and jealousy until the bleeding nun passes out. They have a pecker take over her body in that state.

Another servant is born as though from fire.

In the giant mollusk's lair, there's a sole woman on a bed getting pumped missionary outside the clamshell. Her eyes are tearful, her expression as though she's elated. Her arms are being held out to him because she wants him closer.

The man is huge and blood red, muscle exposed with sweaty secretions along with his viscera pulsating. His eyes whites stand out.

The man speeds up, gripping her arms and putting more weight on her forcin her whole body down into the cushions. The bed creaks.

"I'd ask if I were interrupting but you never really stop, do you?"

The woman who summoned him is here, goading him, but he's ready, "It's an accident. I fell on her, over... and over!" He shoves his dick in harder as he speaks and then holds himself into her.

His fuckdoll does a good impression of a woman in love, "We're friends! You look like you could use a friend, pink baby-doll." She looks alarmed suddenly, "No, that's dirty, no don't use me like this."

The guardian frees her mind and holds her against him as his cum wells up in her, a concoction of mystery fluids given his skills. Her face is unreadable, then she falls asleep. He gets up from the bed and points at Pink.

"You have the biggest ass I've ever seen. Turn around and drop it or I'll have to ask for help."

He opens the clamshell and every single woman in there has an oversized butt. Men inside are pretty much marinating in strange fluids waiting for whatever crazed rave he's about to put on.

The farce can't keep going on like this.

Dread holds up her hand.

He immediately gets in and closes the shell. A strike of lightning hits Dread.

He opens the shell up to ask a personal question, "Was that for me? You come? Have you?"

She walks over to the entrance and she smiles. Her self-inflicted magic spell is causing tremors of manic muscle contractions, something unnecessary. To her, it's a little ticklish.

"When I'm done, you will wish I'd never come."

After her proposition lands, the shell opens. The women resemble her Amazon tribe in garb and tattoos. "How nostalgic." He's been learning more about her by assimilating those who'd cared to learn about her. "How thoughtful." There's a gentle vibration coming from the shell. He begins the scene with the women.

"Help us we need to be freed. NO! No we don't want to stay please get us out I don't want to be here!"

They're toyed with until they become wet, tears rolling down their faces. Then their asses, when presented, are twitching obscenely well. Their muscles control the taint, sticking in and out they rock back and forth.

"Oh god. Let me be here! Let me cum with you... I want to feel it in me. Let me cum, let me cum please. Be with me. Don't make me go. No please, don't make me go. I wanna stay."

Now they're telling her directly,

"it's alright" and "we love it here" and "we can be together, you can come join us."

"We missed you being here. Won't you like to be with us once again? We could be happier, together."

They're fucked for her viewing pleasure. The instruments for their anal are pretty men in oils and sweet juices. After vigorous anal sex, the men pull out of the happy love slaves. The puppets shove their faces into the pink floor while smiling. Cum exits their assholes like fountains.

The blood-red man pulsating from his bedroom throne within a clamshell takes a stand at the end of the play. He has an erection that could be dripping the same as lubrication around him.

"I am not the star, I am not the stage," his eyes clearly baked into the form of his summoner, "I'm the slut maker," the guardian proclaims matter-of-factly.

Ribbons billow around the form of an emboldened immortal despot. He pulls in the woman of affection gently.

She's already consented. Gently. Gently. She doesn't laugh at my jokes or the funny things I do. She's been playing hard to get. She's all mine. I've got her.

His sexual fantasy was almost macabre. Although the people he's assimilated so long ago can't be returned they weren't really dead either. Nor were they truly from her tribe. She'd forgive this.

She finishes with a thought, 'I'm the slut queen.'

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C9, Scene 2: Journalism[/size][/u]

It begins with her inner monologue narrating. As a female journalist on the front line of a battlefield. The candid hot nurse photos are all the rage. They strip and I takes pictures. I'm a bit of a poon-crazy girl girl. These tits? They're natural.

She chats up a guy "Sir, you're on guard duty, when you get a chance I'd like to see you..." and snap a picture of him. He's pretty built, it could be worth something.

A scream. He hurries away to help.

Interrupted by a scream, darn. This shouldn't be. He left his post, what's behind the door?

She enters the room kept closed for good reason. There are propagandist posters littered around the walls.

The story of the snake, she thinks. I remember that one. I wrote it with some of my pictures. Is kind of a satire, where you just needed a dick and take a woman. All you needed to own a dick was to freely give up your life. After I wrote it I replaced every mention of dick with snake. So there's a man whose name was snake in the final version and it was a masterpiece.

A vision disturbs her from reality as her mind wanders. She's in another plane of existence.

"I shouldn't have toked that one time behind the bleachers after gym."

She sees the statues. There is a tome. 

Touching it, she knows the tricks, she lives the lives of all it has touched.

"Softcore porn is absolutely a waste!" She declares loudly, like she's trying to argue with someone, "The cuties are just a few magic words from giving in. So it should be me who gets them! Boys too. Icky boys."

Who's my next nurse on the set? Hmm? Hmm... I'm gonna see her pop that booty. Then I'll...

This place is just a studio where the girls are walking around naked in the dressing room all day. Zip! "What was that? Get me thu'fuhk'atta here." I got stung on my butt.

She runs a distance to the place she's headed.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C9, Scene 3: Speedpwnographer[/size][/u]

She returns to the nurses while they dress.

"Hi babies I've got a roll of film in the chamber how 'bout some nudies. You got the 'beuty. Heh."

Click.

"Stick it out oh fuck if I had a dick I'd be sporting a full iron for that. Yeah. Oh you're a beautiful woman. I bet your boyfriend's really happy. No boyfriend? How about, when have you last..."

The woman she's doing is a bit of a bubbly blonde, "I don't do that."

"Oh that's ok sweetie I can help you with that."

She in fact has a phallus and it's sporting under he shorts. She gets aggressive touching the woman's shoulder and thigh. Eventually, it happens.

"Hey let's get your friend over here too. How would you both like to join me in a little tension relief? I've got mints." They each take a mint and begin kissing. "You gotta use tongue, watch, let me show you with your friend." Their tongues touch, it doesn't look bad. She's able to kiss both of them without resistance. "Now, are you turned on? Let me take a picture of both of you."

"Now show me pussy." The girl who just came in wasn't prepared. "That's ok honey its all natural. Here." She starts feeling the woman's bush, she's got darker blonde hair than the firt. She pretends to be doing something like grooming her pussy hair but she's just enamored enough she doesn't want to stop staring. "Hang on let me use this on you."

"Ma'am. I don't think the magazine wants us to show this much skin."

"Hang on," She'll be found out! "You're wet." Cast magic. She's not falling for it cast magic now. Bazing!

"Oh! My! God!" Scream the two blondes.

She's fingering them both together. She used a little blue magic and they can't stop jillin'ner fingering. "Let me taste that. Mmmmh fucking creamy." Oh. "oh! OOHOHO my pussy's ready too." She feels them all over.

She wants more.

"I'm going to take pictures now ok?! This is fucking hot. Just let me take your picture. Yes? Yes. Oha hai how you doin'? Let me get somma that there shiz."

She has to use mirrors which are too high for the lower half. She tries to take pictures of her eating them like this. Click click.

"I'mma ge nakey. Shake your moneymakers let's make it rain whoop whoop!"

After she makes herself attractive, with a little magic, she slides between the nurse's legs so their vaginas kiss. "uhhng fuhz muhh!" Grinding together feels like a boiling desire rises there's a puddle she brought the woman to orgasm and the next...

"It feels so good there's so much coming out. I can feeel iiiit!" Nevermind the women, her own climax is spitting fire.

Her camera catches them in missionary as she toys with the model's body. She slips her arms under each leg and lifts them so she's facing down at her lover.

"You're. So. Cute. Just uhhng."
 
Her dick emerges out of sight sending her skyward with delight. The sensation surprises the receptacle. She's overflowing with happiness at the treatment so they fuck until the possessing prick finishes with blazing heat and disappears, leaving behind a thickly coated fine woman. Her friend's sleeping peacefully.

"How do you.. guhh. Like me?" She's out of breath. She wasn't expecting it to go this far.

Cream oozes out of the photographer who's equally vacuous after the experience. They lay there together feeling the warmth until the semen grows cold and dries.

She leaves the booth. The lovely nurse outside is experiencing a full facial from a cock between her tits. Another is sneaking up between her legs. A third snakes its way around her, presumably out of her ass.

The Pornographer snaps a shot of the spectacle, "the effects people are nuts, there's not even a backdrop" and the cocks rearrange themselves with a moment of impressive dexterity for automatons, their host suddenly changing her expression after a tear-jerking climax. The woman has two cocks below, and another somewhere else, it's hidden. She pursues the camerawoman, her intention is clear.

"Bravo" clap clap clap "Bravo! You're amazing how about you come in the tent and I'll get you undressed?"

She gets caught off guard when the actress takes her and does something she was thinking of, before her! They proceed to make out with a cock between their tits, a welcome encounter thus far, the nurse unbuttons and it easily slips between them fucking both their tits, the cum pours out between their lips as they share its tip between them.

Porner thinks she might have a dickdemon on her lips. She's not hating it.

The two cocks aligned to her lower half are prepared to fuck and she's sticking her rear out so they don't reach.

Dildo no-no. She shakes her head 'no'...

Her eyes meet the woman's and there's a smile in them. 'No' she tries smiling her eyes back. She moves, continuing to get away, but the thing slides in her throat and is going deeper and their lips smoothly connect back together. It's a very peaceful look between them.

The nurse grabs her ass and pulls her hips in, their pelvises touch, this plants a big fat jagged dick in her nerdy fuck buddy, the anal shwong up'er ass slipping in and out can't reach. Her demons only wish to plant themselves deep inside the woman blissfully filling the poor thing back up, special treatment, special lady.

Whatever thoughts the poon hound had of escaping are consumed by this naked invaded feeling. She's placed on her back and the woman turns around so the dickbutt finds its way to the goal.

This gives the camerawoman a chance to wrestle free.

She escapes down a hallway but there's a magic lock between her and freedom.

There's too many points on this things. Impossible to cast, unable to crack it. Why's there a magic lock in a porno shoot? Who designed this place?

"This is bullshit."

The nurse makes her way over. Her fingers work the woman's vagina from behind and she gets down to eat out her new fuckbuddy. Her mouth closes around the entrance. Something very obviously slips in, and the titty monster, the dick held between her breasts, enters her.

The pornographer feels like her mind is being invaded but she holds on. The woman pulls back and her now cock-tongue slides out with a generous amount of stuff because "it came so much I'm in love let's be best friends." Some more follows after it fully exits.

The camerawoman's mind returns and she feels the cum pouring out.

"So much cum! I'm cumming! I'm definitely pregnant. Oral sex is supposed to be safe. Don't do that to me without asking."

She twists, breaking the gentle hold on her. She runs to the door visible on the other side of the cathedral and it graciously opens, the nurse with a lewd smirk is following. Her paranormal appendages barely restrain their erectile fortitude. The door slams on her.

"Pussy geek nerd freak beanpole... shit. I'm going to fuck those blondes."

"Hey. Sit on someone's face you're hogging all of the fun up there."

"Shut it. You chose the butthole and you get the butthole."

The photographer enters through the door without thinking and slams it shut behind her. Another woman is writhing in the middle of this lounge on top of bean bags, it looks like the struggle began at the armoire and ended up here in front of this door. "There's something incredibly erotic about it" so the camera is up and in action. Click. Not to disturb her, she sneaks around. Click. Good shots of her naked bush there. Click.

There's a door ajar. Inside is a room full of archaic instruments "there are half a dozen men and women screwing. Not even a little tender, they're just screwing. Holy shit that one's so cute," she mouths the words but does not speak.

Or she might scream.

Some are bound to planks of wood. The innocent look of some bound men and how well endowed they were, made her head hurt. "Dicks... part of the girls, girl with a snake," is one phrase that came to her mind. The captors were getting incredibly messy despite being in control, the captives were getting their own stuff on them. Muscled men and women relaxedly control the gadgets as they screw in this smelly dungeon. Some prepare and clean off phallic toys. The others enjoy themselves with a host of the mates within.

Click. She is afraid to snap another.

"Not in a hundred years of historic photography," has she ever heard of movie sets going to these lengths. "This orgy's balls. I can't understand. Where are the cameras?" Was this... real?

She sees a goliath trudging out from the corner and panics. She suddenly believes that's real. Her stomach feels fluttery, a mate is tied to his chest and there's no telling how long she's been on it. She no longer seems to notice his insertion. The spying woman slips back hiding behind the entrance to catch her breath. She rubs her clit to calm down.

"Oh fuck. Oh fuck! Ohu... huuuh. I need to pee. That was fucking scary."

She closes the door and sneaks out of there unnoticed, for she might end up being an actor in such a messy set later and she doesn't want to make a bad impression. She could end up tied to that enormous man one day.

She's thinking frantically, oh he was huge. Oh holy shit that's scary. I've never felt something so big before. I wasn't ready. All that lubricant coming out. Oh shit. All the special equipment there. The people in charge must be nuts. What will I do? Should I look for the director? Fuck that, I'll worry about getting out of here first, myself. How was I supposed to know?

She wanders to the end of the room, there's an altar. A snake or some vine wraps around her leg while she muses about it. Not surprising. It's humping her leg so she pulls it, the prick has to be the sturdiest automaton, oh maybe it's.

"This is real?! Get off! The tome was real?! I can't take it. I don't want to be a girl with a snake. Leave me alone!"

She sits on the floor trying to pry it off with her fingertips. Once she gets her fingers around the tip she can jerk it off. Something comes out of her pussy surprising her. She's already? They move quickly together to subdue her. She no longer fights after being jilled and lets the newcomer join.

Its (his?) tail wraps around grabbing her clit and staying there, it grinds slowly to a stop forcing out an awkward laugh from her. She can feel it brushing her pants leg. "Gee it feels like my clit's as long as this finger." She compares her middle finger to it. She tries to masturbate and the thing's blocking her and resisting movement. "SHIIIT." The thing in her is blocking her from putting her middle finger in there. "NOO! You'll let me cum won't you?! Fuck, don't. No! Noo!" What is she going to do with this orgasm denial!

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C9, Scene 4: Silence[/size][/u]

She doubles back. She evades the nurses. She finds a woman in the bell tower. The woman starts following her without a word. She takes out her camera and snaps a shot. She's very accommodating for a short golden-haired woman with gold-rimmed irisis a bit on the yellow side.

"Listen. Uh. You, a... Have you ever sucked cock? Listen I need you for this."

She pulls down her pants revealing two cocks. The woman happily services them.

"Oh my god! Hu! Just putting it in. It's amazing!"

She knows who to ask now. She quickly snaps a before, during, and after sex photo of the slutty blonde.

"Damn! Oh gosh. Do the same thing with the other one. Don't wipe your face off."

Camera ready.

The woman enjoyed facially, the sperm she got out of both cocks. She wipes her red lips and a white string flew off her hand.

This arrangement works. Maybe she should do more with the cute spitfire nympho. No, save it for later.

They continue down the path of destiny. Along the path, there's a nasty thing that wants to send them to that nasty fucked up dimension.

She glances at the woman. She hasn't seen her naked yet. These things can be pretty good at —No, no, why is she even considering it? This could be a relation killer. The feeling of her camera on its belt digs into her side.

They evade it.

There's a sweet smell in her nose.

There are several complex things to solve.

They encounter men and women and her arousal rises.

"I can... take your picture."

There's a locked door.

"Summon dog."

On the other side of a locked door, a woman is baring herself against the door holding it shut.

"Could you move?"

"No." She hears the woman say, "could you please fuck yourself?"

Under the control of its summoner, the dog grabs her by the leg ripping her pants. She gets on her knees and a hole in her pants is ripped open. The dog fucks the woman. Her animal instinct woke-up from a good nut-buster up her gal pie and they vanish.

She narrates, "In her next letter to the editor she wrote... bitch gets a boyfriend. Uh. Vanishing cream."

Maybe bestiality would get her noticed for her work.

A seven-point circle of power inside. "It's about time, and there's no reason this should be here, so whatever. The design of this studio is really elaborate."

She casts the purple fountain of energy at its highest level.

"Holy shit. This fuckin' rocks! Hey babe lets..."

She wasn't going to finish that in her current state of mind. She looks at Gold like her dick was about to fly off, then she grabs her.

The other woman shakes her head.

She summons another dog and they teleport to that desolate dimensional plane to force a pornographic encounter so beyond the pale of the mundane that it ruined the audience and pornstar all at once.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C9, Scene 5: Fateful W[/size][/u]

The pornographer's hand immediately finds her camera. In the fascinating new place, there are people tangled like erotic sculptures. Figures of dogs in the distance, they're mating with various others. There are large looming shadows. One appears to snatch a swath of humanoid figures, the silhouette doesn't reveal their fate.

Gold stands, trembling.

This scenery is pushing the hypererotic fantasy the photographer had in mind into something of a demonic landscape. The camera goes up to snapshot tangles of naked and clothed women alike getting spooged.

They're close enough to a horse-like giant to smell his sweat. He's breathing hard. A woman is in view beneath him taking his seed. Her top's been torn off enough to expose her breasts hanging below her. Her womb is big and well-mated. The lasting intercourse may resume for decades. She must endure the crashing waves until he's satisfied. He dips his head and kisses her. The maw on him swallows her head whole as she chokes on his long tongue. He pulls back. That's not just a normal tongue of course. She spits out a quantity of sperm she was force-fed. She appears to have been here for some time already. Little trails of red energy course through her forcing her to continue struggling. The horse shakes his body whinnying, the sideways movement makes her body slip around beneath until he stops.

"I think I have a ladyboner." Click.

This situation is pretty good, the woman thinks, with her erect penis. "Time to liven things up."

"Summon a horsefucking masochist!" She calls upon Yakre's horse-counterpart from a seven point summon.

She churns out a female who moves like she's half-asleep, with a trail of smoke behind her. Verdant energy glows behind her eyes. A shade by all rights, not quite there. Her skin is very pale and she's wearing a gown that hides just little body she has.

The summoner was thinking of making this a threesome and a female of equal caliber could take the goliath. They'd easily retreat as long as she isn't caught. "Wait," she says before her thoughts become reality.

More elaborate fantasies about this woman and that one, and her pleasure mounting in three or four places as she drags it out.

She touches her creation, not much taller than her. She examines closer. Smooth black hair. Trails of smoke exit her mouth breathing out. She kisses her, encouraging a little action, the tongue is almost prehensile. No. It's definitely got a big one, she's being shy. The summoning binds the shade to a master. How would she behave naturally? Turning to see more, thin, taut butt, a narrow waist, too narrow, a modest rack for her bodyshape.

"They're not fake, are they?"

There's not a reason for a creature I summoned to have fake tits but she's almost a skeleton so why is she hotter than I am?

"Diddle this blonde while I take photos. Then we'll see where things go."

Her camera is ready.

Gold, speechless.

The sound of a horsegasm breaks the silence and the woman spits out his cum like a dispenser as he deposits inside her, ending with aggravated thrashing and coughing.

The shade turns her head and a side of her lips curl like she's intrigued by the offer. She's examining the target woman like she's going to change shape and run away. Half her body seems to darken as though hidden by a shroud. Gold is stunned, and more importantly, turned on by her gaze. A hand travels up her body and the woman's thumb runs along her lips, the shade's hand so thin. She closes her eyes and tries to look away as she lets out a sound of excitement.

Ah, is this someone behind her?

A shadow caresses her. Startled, she falls forward into the tall woman her face against her. Something like green energy visibly traverses her and her eyes lock with the creature holding her. She moves her hands undressing the shade's top revealing pointed nipples. She sucks on them. There's a sense of tension and her pussy-juices overflow.

Smoke roils out the woman's body and mouth and consumes the lower half of them both. Gold's top is pulled up enough to reveal her bosom. The summon looks at the camera as if asking a question. The question hits. Should she do 'that' to please the master?

The camerawoman thinks candid shots are not happening.

"Let me see her cum."

As you desire. She somehow knew the shade was going through with it.

The suggestion enters Gold's mind and she experiences her body's demand for an unrelenting release. The shutter flaps catching her image.

Gold sucks on the woman's tits and feels her body wrapped up. The woman who brought her here is on her back. The dicks she sucked earlier now probing for her entrance. The shade slides her clothing up and she's skewered from behind. The shade shoves her tongue down her throat. They screw like that, and cum pours into her. Another horsegasm and she cums.

"Let's let her fuck him."

They bring her to the horse and leave with the other woman. He bloats her with cum and grabs her arms yanking her off. She's helpless as he puts her in his mouth ass first.

The camerawoman's in the dark. "What kind of fantasy did she have? Her cute reaction was almost too much."

The shade puts her on the ground and raises and eyebrow stretching her anus in view.

"Fuck her like this? I can't."

The shade desists.

She really wanted to fuck though, there were pressing dangers.

"That was just a test," Now, pointing at the man overshadowing the group, "we need to beat him. I'm going to see you play the victim for this monster mash."

The shade wanders listlessly to an unsuspecting stallion. The camera is ready.

She casts her energy on him affecting his current mate. The woman suddenly has a mood shift to the insatiable. He opens his mouth and moves with a little more eagerness, her drooping head raises, climaxing. Smoke emanates from the pale enchantress and caresses the target. She's revealing her body allowing smoke to dissipate. He makes no move to take her, though his tongue lolls out, as much a dick as anything else, he's inviting her to use it. The shade moves over and feels his erect slimy tongue and trails of energy pouring in.

His lust is in overdrive, he wants to do things. He's imagining things. He lets it out. This fully inflates the human woman as every last ounce of cum enticed out of him enters her. The cum faucet spits. There's a much more appealing target beside him but the sensation takes over, he remains standing, but also somehow distant.

"It's that easy?" She stops taking pictures.

Gold wakes up, forgetting but also retaining her experience.

The three women help the damsel off of the pair of horsecocks and drain out her belly. She casts a physical heal on the woman. She thought it was over.

The summon mounts the steed's back.

"He's tame like this?"

Her trails of energy in him, it must be like sleepwalking. The photographer is impressed, and incredibly aroused. Clicking the camera shutter, the image is in the bank.

She turns to the blonde, "I need to relieve myself. Come here."

They reposition next to the horse, his twin-penis in Gold's view while she's screwed from behind. Two barbed cocks go in her. She enjoys it as much as she can to the finish.

Relieving herself in her own little slut makes her feel nostalgic. 

"This must be what the horse felt like fucking that woman." She looks up at the shade's pretty form. "Could you take my camera and snap a picture of me like this? Get her in focus."

They exit, returning them to the monastery.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C9, Scene 6: Sounds Like Music[/size][/u]

The next place to visit is obvious. They return to that room full of pinups with the runic wall.

They find a woman with cocks for days screwing another inside a booth.

Without hesitation, the cavalry overpowers her and frees her captive.

After defeating the possessed woman the shade seems very satisfied. Anyone with sense runs from the giant steed roaming indoors ridden by the skeletal horseman. Even so, there are a few airheads. 

"Who's that?"

The woman carrying the group stops at the inquiry.

"Why he's... here for a photo shoot. You're needed to complete the set. Come with us."

"I never dreamed it could be like this."

Camera flapping. She has pinups touching this giant. Her clothes were barely able to cover her erection.

"Lean over that." Indicating a bench. "Yes. Yes."

The horse looms over them all. They playfully show off their privates. An extra flirtatious girl holds one of its cocks to her mouth.

"I can't take it." The horny photographer says. Looking to the shade, "Make your magic on them."

The room seems to blink when she releases her energy on everyone.

Wandering through the hall. Behind a magic wall, there's a door girl. She speaks.

"I'll open if you put my handle in. You need my handle. I see you don't have one. I don't have time for this. I'm a very busy door. Please. Go away and come back with my handle."

Goldie is playing the piano.

"I have a better idea."

The leader takes out her cocks and screws this door.

A big woman and two others enter the room, unmistakable. They begin negotiating aggressively while the models in sexy nurse outfits get ready for a porno shoot. There's one stallion, a short woman who found a doorknob, and a powerfully enchanting seductress.

"Let's make a movie," says the director.

The seductress can overpower the lesser Amazons instantly. The mount fends off the giantess. Goldie places the 'doorknob' into one of the models. "She's not even fighting us." A muscular woman comes over and leans on the chair beside her. Goldie switches to her, stimulating her clit. The big Amazon is looking too aroused after being struck with energy repeatedly.

"I can't wait!"

The camerawoman puts her work aside for the moment, letting the studio's CCTV do the job.

She joins with the unpartnered woman. The dance continues for a minute before the giant gives up, she lies on her back and disrobes enough of her suit the horse can access her holes. He licks her face and shoves his cock-tongue down her throat until his mouth covers her face. The shade is intermittently sending her energy corrupting her mount, he thrusts with incredible force to make the giant below him feel it. Something else happens.

One of the models is eating out the shade, satisfied by her nubile pussylicker. Something went wrong. Looking over at the photographer.

The leader felt she was getting aroused far stronger than ever. The Amazons are all released and turn on her. She's molested and forced to cum over and over with each partner. The models here fuck like pornstars. The woman she summoned even gives head. And then she winds up strapped in the the horse's underside. No-no-no. Her insides are filled. She lies there gasping as his mouth covers her whole head and fucks her throat. Shit. She got me. Her belly fills.

Nothing's happened. Nothing besides losing control.

Her ex-summon is smirking and patting the horse's back. The photographer reinforces herself and decides it's too dangerous now.

"Come on. We're leaving." She takes Gold along.

There's a thud, so they turn back to look. The horse has taken to mating with more of the models. The party of red Amazons begins picking on the shade. They pull her hair and force oral, trails of smoke billow out but the situation escalates.

"She's too weak to fight them all alone."

The big one and the horse have already become fast friends. The female giant proceeds to tongue-fuck the green-eyed shade and mounts her. She's wearing a pointy piece of armor acting to stimulate her clit and penetrating, subjugating the shade completely. Easily, with brute strength, her frail body was held against her will. Her body is tense with a manic inflection on her face.

They watch long enough to see loads of cum enter the models. The shade shudders like the humans as her partners climax. The Amazons take turns roughly kissing her while she's out of breath.

So badly wanting to gloat, the photographer takes pictures while listening to the music. Unlike a desummoning, the shade will not leave this plane of existence until she's summoned elsewhere.

The Amazons, still horny in the aftermath, go into other rooms and abuse the models unprofessionally.

"The voracious pricks. They're screwing all the glamor out of them. I wanted to do it!" Some screams, "Let's get the fuck out."

The goliath lets out a roar of passion as he fucks the shade. She's quickly lost all will to fight.

The two continue hearing this until they're out of earshot.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C9, Scene 7: Check Punch[/size][/u]

They reach an altar. It takes a bit of time to get here. But here, things get weird. The room's built without railing, the ceiling is high, it's like they're in a cavern. Something is in the middle of the room.

There's a potion on the altar and a man. He introduces himself.

"I'm the director of this set. You two must be the brides for this shoot."

"Yeah we're here for the shoot. Where's our mark?" Then she tells Goldie, "Just play along, we're better off finding out more under cover. What's the worst that could happen?"

"Kissing scene," announced the director, "Let me get your outfits more sexy."

He starts forcing Goldie's clothes into more revealing positions. Then he gives her a collar with a leash. The setup makes her look like a dog.

"Remove her pants," he says.

"Yeah. No." The photographer steps away.

"Crouch down. Let me get Shino." A dog comes over. "You're his bitch. And for the other lady Bilil." Another dog.

Gold's privates are exposed. Shino easily slides in and they fuck like dogs.

"Yes beautiful." He's taking his photos. "Why doesn't the other bitch come over. Bilil needs to get a snout full of bitch heat before he'll be excited." He's wondering. "What kind of bitches did they send this time?"

He grabs the photographer.

"Get down and take these pants off. Do you need something? I can call a fluffer, or do you need a miracle?" He shoves the potion in her face. "Drink." She drinks some of the potion and feels her energy return.

She pushes the dog aside saying "dibs" and she screws Gold one cock out rubbing her anus. She takes the leash and pumps until she cums inside. She runs her hands along Goldie's front feeling her up. She looks to the camera triumphant.

"Did you get all that?"

The guy looks a bit surprised but he nods without any complaint. She pulls out and drinks some more of the potion, her energy returns.

"We're taking this. Make me a copy of that."

They go deeper. Deeper. The girls, the men, what else may pass by.

"This underground place is the monastery. It's not dressed up like any movie set, unlike the above. Even below, it's been refitted for studio production but the stone is bare and the wiring is strewn about keeping the bulbs lit through the long corridors."

"The place is a trap for pretty girls. Good-looking photographers are around expectant of a girl who's in softcore upstairs to come down here and be violated by unspeakable things."

At the end of the journey, "What's this? The systemic use of red energies on the women. Its effect and long-term usage. For her pleasure, Call upon ze-he-kruk to produce mania and libido. Exposure may result in immortality, forced muscle spasms, increased muscle mass, sexual deviance, anger, long erections, and fountains of female ejaculate."

Someone stops them before they enter an ominous door nearby.

"Would you like a drink?"

There's someone with juice boxes. The two girls drink the juice and start giggling. This is so silly.

The drink server suggests, "You're about to have a great time. Don't ever look back. Would you like another?"

They start to go in and Gold is hysterical. Why's she being so funny? The other woman stops to examine a poster advertising delicious pastries.

"Do you have one of these? We haven't eaten for a while."

The server nods.

"Take your time. You'll have all the time you need. You can sit over there if you're tired. The walk down here must be tough. But remember, until you've gone in there, you can come right back over and eat if you're still hungry or thirsty."

They sit on the cushions. A woman walks past them without saying anything and goes in.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C9, Scene 8: Battle of the Sex-Fiends[/size][/u]

A while later, Gold and I enter. It's an uncanny place. I've definitely seen this. That's it! Tits! Illmuire's essence lies behind a glass compartment depressed in the wall, she's there, ready to be fondled.

A shape, a shell, a clam is consuming the entire mid-section of the room.

"How'd it get so fucking huge?"

There's a voice that echoes. "Prepare your ass. I'll be with you in a minute."

She doesn't have to think long, "how about, No? He's merely a clam. We don't have to listen to him."

The clam looks at her. "You aren't dressed like a nun or a monk, or a nurse, or a girl at the rodeo, or... Are you a sexy invasion force? Because your ass is out of this world."

Looking away briefly the counter-hero points at the blue levitating boobas. The photographer doesn't see it happen.

Sayeth yon counter-hero, "Oh. Ooooh! This is real! Ok. I'm wit'chu. Tap her for me 'Gee I'll 'git 'wit it in a second. I'm about to finish this one 'hur."

He begins singing an ominous song as if to build up the hype, "Ass to ass tshtshtsh."

Ass-to-ass, thinks the chosen, that's a lesbian thing right?

"Anal combat!"

I turn at the sound of grotesque cracking noises and Gold has transformed into a dubious creature. She might as well be a squid armed with a dozen cocks. She's still short. My dicks hide inside me. I rub my clit for good luck.

"Ready. Fawk!" The announcer says.

I'm about to be mauled by the little princess I brought along with me, and this guy is saying complete nonsense, it's a bit catchy.

The shortie looks hot and bothered. I take a picture. Her every-dick is hard. I cast my buffs. She gropes my tits while trying to reach for my mouth, her tongue is most definitely a cock. She's too short. She mysteriously looms up a foot higher, then I push her back, "You've got some equipment there. Been in you this whole time hasn't it? I'm not dealing with that." She is standing on tentacles. One reaches, holding me. It's easy to remove. "Barrier" She disrobes quickly while I cast defense. She presses against the barrier and moans, I can see her small breasts. The barrier can't last forever.

"Kinky slave girl!" I summon a shade to distract her.

Oh, why did I summon a shade? They were so useful last time, right?

Instead of acting as my boon in battle, the shade is immediately dispelled, well, just about. Every inch of her body gets covered in tentacles and she's fucked to oblivion before things turn nasty. She's so thin and pale I can see her womb getting punched from the inside. Her stomach thickens and streches and the red things in her are nearly visible. Her throat bulges. Her mouth hangs open, feelers exit like... something gross I won't speak of. They wrap under her upper lip and others come out the sides stretching her face a little too grotesquely. Her head is enveloped and her ears are penetrated by the illithid jacking her senses. Her body has a great time, evaporating into nothing, the mind flaying bested the shade.

Turned on, "I'm going to cast a blue spell. If I saw one of those hotties getting destroyed in the same way —hold that thought. Big titty goth!"

I summon a female genie with big voluptuous curves. She's a thick girl with missile boobs. This visibly flusters squid girl, her many cocks flex before she's ready to strike. Her actions draw her closer. Pretty soon she plunges her tendrils through the genie, the deep penetration sends the squid girl into a spiral of orgasm and the other woman matches her sending energy back. She digs into the woman's areolae and nostrils shooting her jizz.

The summon loses her connection but continues the struggle. "Cool. That was getting dicey. How about... anal destroyer, I summon you!" I summon a male djinn with a concave body. He comes up behind Gold and engulfs her in him. She's worn down from being crushed and penetrated in turn. Her head fills with sensational orgasms from the pincer strike. She's announcing them to the world in high pitched tantrum. On her front, the female rubs her big tits, now swollen from molestation, casting sensual energy at the tip of her finger, and trails it from squid girl's now-human face to her clit and forces her last bit of self-control away. This causes her to revert and she loses any power she had over the woman tempting her.

The male doesn't stop and his cock exits her mouth beginning the long act of ethereal copulation, dumping its sperm and energy throughout her entire being while pulling in through and sending spinners up in her cunt making her splatter. His normalish dick hangs between his legs uninspired.

The woman presses her tits in covering the exposed part of Gold's body. She introduces something extra to the mix smoshing herself togther with the djinn and the girl between them vanishes. A genie and a djinn stand removing any presence of a woman between them, she encourages his spectral tendrils to enter her, his real cock became erect, and the overflowing energy passes between them in harmony. Connection lost.

"That was a mess. But the best part was fucking Goldie from both directions. Now, the clam."

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C9, Scene 9: Pornstars[/size][/u]

The clam, or whatever he is, upon acknowledging his subordinate's defeat, reacts.

The clamshell opens and none other than Dread is fucking a stud.

His long dick allows her a great deal of movement. He cums in her and she continues long strokes riding him.

Then comes Dread, another, wearing a swimsuit, Dread has bigger tits now, the next one has darker skin; then one with ripe pink skin; and another with hues of sepia and crimson; Dread of pure white with pale blue eyes rather than the signature colors.

There are so many, a dozen maybe, were any of them the real deal?

The man controlling the evil look-alike dolls seems to have been smitten. Decades of this. The studio above can't provide him any greater entertainment. The fantasy of control over a regimen of female vixens mimicking one that conquered his heart, figuratively.

Seeing the beauty in it, she has her camera on them.

She's seen enough. She'll go around the bunch and grab blue-tits over there.

"Get over here."

A rope shoots out and starts dragging her in. This is not the gentle ribbon he's used before. He didn't act like this in any of the memories.

"I thought you were nicer!"

She's greeted at the edge by a bouncer without a dick three times her size, it's like she's entering a fancy nightclub. Dress code, don't wear a damn thing. He picks her up and 'helps' her undress, then presents his average-sized dick was hidden somewhere underneath the gut of his. It's almost invisible between the muscle.

"You need a microscope to pee?"

He's too strong, in a few pumps he stops moving. The journalist attempts to pull away but every bond is too strong. She tries to use him. They do it like that and then another guy replaces him. Then Dread with a dick. Then another Dread eats her out. Her face is flushed red from this she's almost had it.

She can't use her words. It feels really good right now. "Uhuhuh. Eff...! you...!" That felt good, too.

She's forced on her back and her dicks come out. Every few seconds a new girl appears on her bouncing up and down switching positions to a repetitive beat.

They proceed until their bodies are worn out, the fleshy body begins to close.

"No. I'm not giving up! This isn't how I lose!" She yells.

The entire surroundings hesitate, there is a conscious mind at work, and it has trouble making a decision. The real deal stands up from his bed, "The dolls need a recharge, some fluid replacement, an oil change, and reconditioning. It will only take a few minutes. Wait right there, we'll be with you."

There it is, like a heartbeat the man throbbing with hedonism commands the clamshell unconsciously.

"So it's you."

She stands. She takes a step forward and the grip of the floor slows her stride.

"I'm going to defeat you."

He smiles. "You're welcome to try. Resistance only makes me harder."

The shell closes in like a giant iris by his force of will while she leaps onto him. In pitchblack darkness, she feels her body getting probed. She grabs his dick. Her face is sprayed and parts of her mind are torn at and replaced. The shell opens.

She feels like she went through a sieve. Her body is altered. He made her tits bigger. She sits and a pleasant warmth is on her bottom. Another woman is already below her. She wakes up to find she's in something like an orgy.

Her camera. Here it is. She takes photos of everything around her. After, she has sex with multiple partners. Everyone around experiences repetitive orgasms until the group is worn out. There's no sign of a male or the clam? "That's not fair. I was going to win. Is this heaven or what?" But she's sure she's still there. The many forms of Dread come up to her and force her to cum over and over, "uhn. What's happening? Is this hell or was sex the only option?" She notices her dicks are gone too. The shell begins to close. There's something else, "something's wrong. I can't remember why I'm here."

In the porn studio, she helps a woman get dressed. She admires her beauty. "Let me zip you. I'd like to take a candid photo." The woman smiles and she snaps a shot.

She returns to her body, her real body. The man is under her still. Was that a dream? The many clones of Dread are beckoning to her, mirrors of the fantasy, her desire, to let them do that to her again would be pleasant. She inserts the man under her. As his erection grows harder the clam's skin slickens, the bedsheets tighten, nodules grow.

"Are you happy to be in me? Or are you just showing your true nature?"

She takes control and works him towards the edge. "My turn," she hears in a whisper. The shell closes.

She tries to come up with an answer, there's nothing to say. After the sound of tearing flesh and cracking, a part of her mind is lost. A moment after, she believes she's whole again.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C9, Scene 10: Swap[/size][/u]

Unreal. The room's transformed. There's flowing water somewhere. There's a melody playing. Her ass feels funny, the cock's gone, but something's there. She puts her hand down and feels at the base of her spine, it's not a tail, but she almost cums from the sensation. She panics and feels her tits. Her breasts are bigger and pointier. They slip away like she lost her grip on them. She feels her lower half and it's been slimmed down. It's making her horny. She's going to cum from flexing her abs. Her heart races, here it comes! Every fricking sensation feels so good. This is her body, RIGHT? She's still on top of someone. She works his cock inside her and immediately feels wet sweat stream in all the places tickling her. "Uhuhuh..." She moans and doesn't stop. Women touch her. Fuck! She looks back and a woman's preparing ass-to-ass. It's only getting started.

My body's been changed too much. How will another woman feel?

She feels a hard prick rub against her and it catches on her butthole. "Don't put it there!" She shrieks, unexpectedly harassed. She's being double penetrated ass-to-ass, and now her arms are fondled. She yanks away and her elbow-join feels rubbery. "I can't? What kind of body is this?" Cocks enter her from the sides, "impossibuuuhee." Her jaw is slack. People come and force her to kiss with her mouth and her tongue dips down their throat, delicious. She can no longer stop herself from making noise after losing control like this. Fingers grope her breasts which bring her to a pure orgasmic thrill. They tweak her incredible nipples that leak. A nurse pokes her nipple and her finger passes through.

("No no that can't be real. My body isn't real anymore") She tried to say that. It didn't translate as anything but more orgasms and the tone of her voice was distorted repeatedly by external forces shoving into her.

The nurse puts cups around her tits that suck on them. Her tits are fondled aggressively by hands and tendrils. Did someone cast a spell? She doesn't think so. Where'd the extra things come from?

She glances to the side and sees a woman holding a camera taking pictures. ("That's me, that's my body. Ow.") A hand goes over her mouth and the sex becomes rougher. She shakes her head and fingers press in her. Her tits hurt as they get squeezed, the groping hands somehow pass through but another set is ready to take them on. Her stuff comes out into the teat suckers and her boobs suck into them. Someone's pinching other nipples around her body and varous phallic objects have entered her mystery caves all over her body. To her delight they were just as ticklish as her old body's one important insertion point.

The man is close to orgasm now, she can feel him like she is him. They get off the bed and she's on top of another woman with a wicked face, their tits repeatedly touching together. She thinks she'll faint. Two guys get behind her, one grew straight out of the floor. And above, he's there, one in her pussy. The other, he's got bad thoughts, she feels his bad intention, she manages to talk, "No. You're hurting me. Don't. No." He puts it in and begins immediately pumping fluids in. "Drink up," says one of the men. She's forced to kiss the other woman until the cum overflows her and out her mouth. "Give it to her too." Their faces are forced together, and the stuff fills the other woman.

Something wraps around her bottom and the anal momentarily stop, a something, a big mouth, tight against her skin sucking on her legs. It's filling her legs with sensations. She's cumming. She turns her head to look in the direction of the ancient's totem, she can see between the fingers. Her body has gone over to it. What is happening? Something wraps around her head. Cum flows into her everywhere-pussy, he's coming out from her insides, tentacles are sprouting out her. She can't stop cumming. "You can stay like that." He grazes her face, merely touches her face with his hand, and she cums. "Or you can follow my command."

What has she become?

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C9, Scene 11: Prodigy[/size][/u]

What a peculiar sight. I'm the photographer now for this life-ending game. She snaps shots of the clusterfuck of an orgy. What a goddamn waste of a good woman.

The guy's wrapping his partner with solid tubs and sucking on her tits and sticking his tools in her. She's almost out of it. He grows tentacles through her, entering her from below and shooting cum out every orifice. He looks happy defiling the puppet in a nymph-like body. He lets the woman go entirely and she can't or doesn't want to fight back anymore.

He treats the other women to similar feats of perversion. Getting the nymph involved, she gets in a bed, only for it to burst open like a trap, the things in it crawling through her. He has the women go ass-to-ass with others, her head goes up and down, he pumps his fluids through them. His tubes pump into her body, and the cum exits her cunt. He takes his time on her.

He's overcompensating. I'll take pictures anyways.

The nymph is grappled by a larvae-like creature he concocted on the spot while she's still trying to please one of the other women. A stalk shaped like an eye lacking more than a single coloration emerges gushing an excess of mealy stuff on her, some of it coats her face. "Swallow. It's nutritional." The man tells her and he stuffs it in her face, she lets it go in her mouth. Stuff squirts out her anus fifteen feet as the liquids in her are replaced.

Yesterday I was the villain, the image of Dread who's been twisted to his perverse imagination. Tomorrow I'll be a cum-fountain like her. Pretty much every day's a cum fountain, and we can pretend to be the bad guy. Only the newcomers suffer. Obey and we're treated well enough.

She woke up in another body. Different. She's holding a peculiar device. I'm the photographer. She understands its use. There's a beautiful puppet show, so she snaps a few pictures, her role is to capture a moment in time, no, she's a pornographer, her role is to encourage the perversion of the contemporary.

(Come love me...)

The voice in her head, not the vibration, it's coming from over there. She glances at Illmuire's tits.

(Take me in.)

This is a chance, her body is able to... think, move, feel, breathe, everything! The scene unfolding is an erotic body-meshing, a mechanical disaster, the men, women, and masses of flesh, grind together over the helpless women like gears as her unnatural body sustains a constant orgasm pumping air in and out through the pores of it. Has she ever been there? The master's buzzing subsides, she can take action freely. He has only the slightest thrall on an unmodded corporeal container such as the one she ended up in.

His mistake. But only so long as he stays occupied. This energetic body feels different, more real. She steps out of the clam. The clam shudders like it too might be reaching an aroused state, ready to unleash. He's completely distracted, relaxed, emotional.

(Do it now, the beast is soothed, you want me. Come, take me.)

She starts sneaking around the entire thing. A couple of the puppets look at her but say nothing. They move to stand between her and the 'eyes', a little game they started. The only game they have. They finally worked out that they could misbehave, stop playing their assigned roles, attempt communication, if only briefly. He wasn't in their mind, not really, he mastered the physical, their physical bodies and minds.

A surreal sex scene unfolded, he commanded it. Amazing to be sure, it lasted a while, it was impossible to sustain from the little powers they were allowed. They might have a chance this time.

She sneaks over to the window. There's a vibration and the clam closes as she takes a step towards it unconsciously.

No.

She goes back to the window. She smashes it and hugs Illmuire in her breast. "I love you!" She takes the essence to her left bosom and the power of the ancient weaves throughout. Her body transforms and she regains something, who she was. Amber. That was her name. Whoever she is now, she has unfinished business with a man.

The power of spirit and desire she commanded is tangible, it reaches out to the spirit under his command. This makes the porn fiend in the arena upset.

"Get your fat ass out of here... you can't see me. Oh shit, you're not her. You can't be back there. Oh shit."

She adores his power, his tenacity, she'll take it.

She tells him, "A hundred years of ill-mannered bedding must be returned." She touches the clam and it opens to her.

"Missed me, didn't you?" He said, disarming her.

Failing. She wonders if he knows fear. Her left breast has the totem head like a permanent shred of a sheer bra, making her nipple pulse a milky aura. It pulses making her nipples stand, her areolae get hard and relax. He's getting up out of bed. He's erect too.

The visceral body of his pulsing like the heart of a giant runs to the edge of the clam, not leaving it. He can most certainly express fear.

The group of beauties is sent to stop her. She easily seduces them. They try to have her return affection as their bodies yield all sexuality. Their heads feel fuzzy.

"It's over. No," She takes the nearest stalk and works her magic. She inserts it and the clam pushes as much as it can into her bringing them both near orgasm. The floor curls into little bumps and the bumps shoot red energies skyward. The clam no longer feeds its original master.

"Take him as you wish."

The women chase the man and bring him back to his bed. He might be the guardian's nucleus, but it doesn't need him anymore. They release their pent-up sexual needs until he's worn out. The clamshell gives up the last bit of control to her, and the stalk stops forcing energy in her, the sexual crisis ends, and everything in her slowly returns to the vessel restoring it. Her new master is whispering. Her fingers brush over her chest wiping the dewy nipple expecting to feel wet.

(Unmake this)

Her fingers brush over her lower part.

"No," she says, "I can do things here. This is the beginning."

She grabs the image of captive souls stored in the clam and rolls them up like clay. In there, there are only a few conscious minds, hers included. She takes what's left of her for keeping.

Forming them all-new bodies will burn out the power stored within. They must be released. Nurses and lewd pornographic images flash through her mind, the life of the pornographer she inhabits was in her, too. Searching herself, she finds encouragement. She makes the ambitions of her body's owner real.

She helps the female dolls, releasing them from the guardian. She reforms them a little too pure, a little more agile. Binding them to her own spirit, they share feeling and emotions.

(This is how it's meant to be. But you should also destroy this.)

"No. It's mine. It's amazing."

The harem of Mega-Bitch look-alikes remains with a few alterations. They are unaware of anything she's done. The suggestions in their spirit changing them, their minds are asleep, perfectly hypnotized. Converting only them back to their original bodies could be done. No, something is appealing about this. They'll cooperate.

The one she nicknamed Gold long ago comes over. The threesome left her wet and shimmering, she's so hot covered in sex from both the genie and djinn. She'd be especially weak now, if Illmuire's essence is used. Oh but she's not 'her'. Amber... the ex-camerawoman's milky blue eyes relax. 'Gold' in front of her, pleads in her mind. 

'Our bodies. Can you fix us? Will you leave us like this? Can we come with you?'

They stand like a beauty pageant waiting for validation. She waves her camera and they pose, click. Click. Click.

"You earned your bodies. Why not keep them?"

Things are better this way. She'll enjoy controlling them. She'll enjoy controlling this little bit of paradise until it burns.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C9, Scene 12: Juicy Memories[/size][/u]

Back in the mansion, still long ago, in the past, she's talking with the recent owner, the uncle. She found her way here due to an insatiable desire.

The point of her breast in a bunny suit is nicely cupped, her areolae barely hidden from view, there's nothing not to like.

She barely leans and her cleavage has a shadow, speaking, "There's a woman who tried to suffocate the nucleus in her breasts while she forced him to cum inside her. By that point, I used up all its stored mana. Its power similar enough to mine, a borrowed power, one my goddess demanded returned," says the incredible woman.

In front of him is an absolute woman, like an angel, rivaling the angels from the tome. She gives rise to his passion with a look, with a movement. When her lips start forming, even the words she fails to speak out loud, even those she refused to. He got off from the moment she got near enough he felt her energy.

Wearing the household maid outfit, in her demeanor and sultry elegence. Talk about —His head swims a bit with this inner monologue and imagination. She's like the queen bee, she has an aroma. She tells him erotic stories, show shim amazing pictures, movie reels from an old studio, voice recordings; The models she brought to the phylactery tried new things, and she got even better having sexed with them. Almost all things will fade and break in due time, she won't.

The photo album. There they were in all their glory, all the women dressed up fingering, bending over, straddling huge dicks. Rounds of ejaculate soaking their clothes and all over them. There was blurry picture of a skinny girl scewing a blonde from above.

"Incredible," he said, "You're an amazing bunnygirl. I don't know if the world is ready. Can I get your number? Why aren't you in any of these pictures?"

She writes on a piece of paper approximately the size of an envelope and places it on a nearby table.

He wants to fuck her so bad. He remains amused by her aloof nature despite coming onto him and making her way to his library at the heart of the mansion. She totally wants him.

She undrapes her top revealing two spectacular bluish-bra-covered tits. "Ever since I've had this I've been a total nymphomaniac." She caresses her left breast and closes her eyes unveiling it from her bra.

He perks up at the sensation coming from her as though she's tranced. And then at the sight of her bare succulent gumdrop-sized stiff nipple.

"That's really amazing. Can I touch them?" He caresses both of them to get a feel until he became giddy.

I feel young, "I'll suck on them," He's thinking of casting a spell, if it will make her more receptive.

She's getting really horny and motions her head in assent. She's moving closer to him rather.

No dirty tricks needed? No intervention from the ancients?

The process of sucking and licking reveals her honest-slut down inside. She pushes him away after a generous helping of tittum and her moaned encouragement to present to him with something more to the point.

"Why don't you use this instead?"

Her wet crotch. She presents, pushing her ass towards him. She tears open the back of her suit and practically puts it in his face she pushes in her thighs and sticks it out.

It's not immediately apparent just how badly he needed that. He stands and feels her tits from the side as they hang low, ready to be squeezed and groped like udders.

"The touch. The feeling of them. Amazing."

He presses his hand over her ass and feels the thick of her. He sees it bulge, his hand stops around her womanly hips. He tears the maid outfit enough to reveal her hips and gropes them. He puts his arms around her touching her breast again.

"Stay. Live here as a mistress."

She doesn't say a word out loud for the rest of the night. Although her body spoke in volumes when her response was not verbal.

She gets on a chair and rocks back sticking out her beautiful input to him.

He starts undoing his pants feeling, no, knowing he will cum in a few seconds. He lets out a whistle as their skin connects and sloshes together. The stuff lubricates her, it won't matter, he wants to cum all the way inside. Fuck happens.

...

Still having sex. His mind goes to the pictures. The women? This is quite a mess. He's hooked on her. What's he going to tell his wife?

"Is there anything I can do?"

...

She presses her hand on the piece of paper with her number.

"Booty-call," she wrote.