Continuing from pink alignment

Gratuitously Buffing Best Friends

[u][size=115]Questions About Life Everlasting[/size][/u]

"Help me, please help me! No, don't... in there... that's my, bliiii arghuuu!"

"I woke from a blissful coma to the sound of a bucket of water spilling."

The reader begins narrating his entire life. But only for as long as he can't find the next chapter.

"I get up out of the chair and exit my study only to see a nurse scrubbing the floor."

"Are you real?"

He monologues, she begins wiping the grime off the floor in front of her obllivious of my presence. My attention goes to a key where her hand barely reaches. Her butt's not covered and I see cum is running out of her. I'll take that as a 'no.' It looks like if I tried to touch her she'd vanish, so I just enjoy the view while I'm still horny. I'll clean up the mess I make later.

I figure out where the key goes.

In the basement is a safe. I should be able to... Can't open it.

In the basement is a circuit breaker. I should be able to. He flips a switch.

What did that do? He wondered.

An hour later.

Despite experiencing the last chapter I'm still not sure what happened.

I'm starting to wonder, at what point did the photographer become the other woman? How does body transformation and possession work? The part where my uncle screwed? I'm happy for him, but I'm a little jealous. And what was left of the nymph?

"Finally."

I have the next chapter. My boner receded long ago. Hand on shaft.

"Here we go!"

*****
[hr]

[u][size=130]Chapter 10, Title: Based Couple[/size][/u]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 1: Dank Service[/size][/u]

Dread speaks with a nymph from the underworld city.

"Listen. We're different. But we both want the same thing. To fuck the master of the house. Only, you have to do it. I don't."

The nymph floats over to her and behaves seductively toying with her hair and reaching to her face.

"No. Yes, thanks."

The nymph is kissing her.

"That feels very nice, thank you. Don't do it to me. Do it to the man upstairs. He's this big." She holds out her hands like she's hugging a tree.

The nymph laughs and holds her hands out mimicking Dread's. She opens her mouth understanding.

"You like that right?" Nods. "He gets it. You get laid. Everyone's happy. It's about time you showed your worth. Do it while his old lady is out, she's the one you absolutely can't run into. Definitely don't have a three-way or she'll wreck you. Now I have to go somewhere and have something touch me in places I can't. You better be done by solstice when I return." Dread hops in a portal but doesn't vanish in it yet. "Ze'he'kruk has thousands of hoes like you wherever he is. This is for him. Do it for him."

She disappears from the nymph's perspective.

She reappears at the communication array within the nexus.

She's met by the master with a stern eye, "I've been hearing stories you fuck the girls in the city. Is this true?"
 
Dread was ready to deliver her news but she coquettishly replies to him.

"Uh. Nu... no."

"I've been hearing you played Adam and Eve with my children for some time. There are demihumans. Amazonian warriors are taking mates. This was supposed to be a secret. What is missing here?"

"Sorry."

"What's that? I can't hear you."

"Sorry! We're doing it, lord! We just need to fuck the family in this mansion. One final blowout orgy. And then we won't have any trouble. They'll welcome you with open arms."

"I see. See to it that this one meets a fate so disgusting, so raunchy. So blatantly uncommon. It would make a lascivious whore blush. And remember, screw anyone else who sets foot in our path."

"Yes!" Dread stops the communique.

Hopefully, her hired pro does the job. She needs to hurry back to her man and get her shit cleaned out.

She'd end up fucking a horse if she missed him. That would be cruelty to animals at this point.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 2: The Trials and Benefits of Lovemaking[/size][/u]

There's a woman with her husband, she's quite youthful. The man is young and his clothes are so stuffed looking there's no question who dressed him. The two of them are surrounded by beautiful bunnygirls in their mansion library.

"Honey, I'm going for a stroll," says the lady.

She gets up and unruffles her dress. Outside the library, there's a maid. They have a moment of eager exchange. The lady tears a hole in the maid's stockings. Her oiled-up fin-like labia is exposed and she looks very excited.

"Do it like you always. Try keeping him distracted until I get back. We can't have him growing bored of this place. I don't want to lose you."

She kisses the maid while they share a moment.

The girl in a torn suit enters the library and immediately plays dumb dropping her duster. "Oh no! Excuse me!"

The lady asserts this to herself, she's going to screw my husband and I'll do business. To groom the maids we recently brought in. We can't have interruptions.

She runs a hand along her buttcheek, her rear is somewhat sensitive and the curve and shape are famous.

Outside the library, there's a woman cleaning the stairs.

The lady checks her equipped decorations. She's passing with makeup and some lovely attire that doesn't completely hide her rack. Her tail is visible and so is the large of her calf.

"Are you natural?"

She feels the maid's body to make sure that she's toned and honest in her duty. She grabs her from behind and puts a hand below her chin carefully feeling her neck. Her face is close to the other woman's ear.

"If you could take my place as the woman of the house right now, would you have what it takes?"

The maid is rasping despite the loose grip on her. She presses her knee below the tail.

"When is the last time you came?"

She lifts her leg enough to jam under the butt presented to her. No response but glee wetting her and a hand reaching back for her. She removes her knee. She pulls at one side of the top hiding the girl's erect nipples and wasn't disappointed. She runs a finger across one to get a sensation of supple yet yielding flesh. At the lightest touch her skin rises in goosebumps. The girl is molested enough to raise her expectation. The woman presses her finger in still trying her and feels her own pleasure before removing herself from the woman's privates.

"That's enough for now. It won't be long before I need you. Don't foget about my husband. The unexpected may happen."

She meets a butler in the dining room.

"Excuse me, can you get me a pickle?"

Confused and a little stimulated he nods. "How cute. If you'd just give me that pickle..." She does a reach around, then her hand goes in his fly. Her hand grazes the pickle. She licks her upper lip near his ear as he quickly stiffens. Now he's understanding it was his pickle she meant. As the only male servant, this was expected. The things she's already told him she'd make him do when he got there, and he still took the job. Her gentle handjob has him out of his wits.

She forces him to cum in her mouth several times and then has him screw her on the dining table until she felt a burden suddenly vanish.

"Oh, that was wonderful. Same place next week."

The butler is wiping himself with a handkerchief. She puts her hand along his front forcing more physical contact. She is certain he's been dreaming of their encounter. Same as he will the next. This young stud has no handle on things in life or love.

She toys with the emotions of he hires so easily. Women's power.

She saunters off.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 3: Read Anything Good?[/size][/u]

The maid enters the library where the lord of the mansion rests comfortably reading. She gets close and drops her duster. She bends over to let him see her exposed part better.

"Excuse me you have torn your pants. And your panties are distraught."

The master of the manor hands her a pillow to cover up. She delays her leave.

"No my lord. We're all alone. What do I have to do to serve?"

He wouldn't hear it.

He flicks his fingers at her to go away.

He stands up with his book and wanders to the other end of the room.

He sets down the family bible describing their history. It reads like nonsense. Whoever wrote it described a stark history full of mysterious entities weaving the fabric of nature into their image. It was more folktale than marital. You'd think they were spirits inhabiting human bodies.

He's at the end of the room now. There, he meets a lithe figure wearing a hood.

"Why are you wearing such drab clothing instead of the household apparel?"

The hooded figure looks up and speaks, "I'm here to save you time. Observe." He adjusts the clock, a secret passageway opens. "Come. We've gone through too much. Look inside, you'll be pleased."

Inside is a desk and an arsenal of masturbatory aids; paintings, sketches, instructions how to copulate, histograms depicting sub-humans captioned in his surname, denizens of an underworld who worship cum, and The Tome of Internal Dankness in an unlit room.

After he lights the candles, his mind is opened, he can be like his grandfather, only wiry and a bit better mannered. His formal education would allow that.

Outside the study, there is a shriek and the sound of a struggle.

He runs in, the hooded man only slowly following with disinterest.

A demon cames in about two hours after he walked away. The bunny tried avoiding him and he forced the maid to the end of the room. There he bent her over an armchair with her tail up. Her ripped stockings let him right inside.

He's very tall, the position is more like downward doggy. He's slapping his crotch into her making a wet splat each time. He applies pressure to the top of her head forcing her face down just enough she thinks she'll get away.

The demon hooks his fingers in her mouth and she gags as the tips go deep. He shoves a thumb up her ass and spreads it open. Her arms flail around until there's a guttural noise coming out her mouth as they climax, together. A jet of overflow exits her cunt. She turns her face and makes eye contact with her master. She was meant for him. She stares until her long orgasm fades and her spillage slows.

The monster gropes her tits revealing them. Both her arms are held and she's hoisted up. Her head slumps down and bobs mid-air during extra-vigorous fucking. Her lower abdomen has inflated and she sobs until she cums again.

He squeezes her tits pressing deep into her while she lets out a pained squeal. He hooks his teeth around her neck and she screams during his next climax which covers her legs in red energetic sperm.

He licks her neck, bite marks revealed, and slips out letting her fall onto the chair emptying her cunt of his glowing red demonic cum.

The master comes forward. He was much too late.

The demon grins and vanishes. The woman left behind engorged with his seed has little rivulets of blood where she got nibbled on. She stands up. With red eyes, bruises on her body, and after all that, she offers herself to the master again, just a bit happier looking.

She's no longer a proper maid or bunny. Her bunnyears are bent, her clothes are ripped. Does it matter? His dick is hard. His mind is full of the tome's lecherous stories. Her desire for him now is as real as before, only it no longer comes from a place of admiration or greed. It was somehow pure. Her mind's been infected, her body must be cleansed. Damn it. He decides he'll hold back and try to save her. He casts ethereal chains on her from what he read they worked exceptionally well, and takes her heading upstairs.

Exiting the library, there's a new hire, "sir, you're out so soon, the lady won't be expecting. Ah!" She notices the plump girl on a lead. Will she be mistreated like that someday? Her makeup is so seductive, a little smeared, down to her naked-looking thighs. Her calves flex as she balances. There's no way that sow beats her in looks.

"Good morn," he gets out, attempting not to let his lust boil out of control at the sight of a clean maid. He flexes his prick anyways and her eyes dart down at the moving bulge. She has a talent for perversion herself.

She asks, "Are you headed for the bedroom, or would you like a coat to go outside?"

He flexes his dick again to hold in the sensation of excitement. She already knows he enjoys taking the maids outside. This can't go on longer. He starts going upstairs.

"Bed then," she says, "Who is he?" Forgetting her place she's inquired about someone who doesn't look like he works there.

She must be asking about the man following from behind. Come to think of it, does he really know?

The mysterious man whispers into her ear and she grows distant look on her face before putting her arm around his. They go upstairs. She's coming along.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 4: Predatory Coitus[/size][/u]

He enters the queen's bedroom. 

Springs are squeaking. The lady of the mansion and her consort. Below her is a woman, red in the face, her skin bared to her master. 

He's close enough to touch them now. 

Their soaring lust. The lady turns her conquest sideways and scissors her. They hear screaming in the distance and their hungry cunts water. She takes care to spread her pussy juice along the leg of the squire she's trained. One day she'll hold the master's sword.

She turns to greet him.

There's only the next maid, prepared to receive her daily lesson. The lady beckons her onto the bed and takes the top position undraping her skimpy uniform and proceeds to make gratuitous lower-belly contact with the beauty. Her fingers trail around her neck and torso and lowering, lowering.

A demon makes his way upstairs and opens doors at random. It takes a few tries before he finds a woman.

She's in that special outfit. She's already exposed. She's powdering herself in the bathroom and hasn't covered up at all despite the door opening.

The taint of humanity, he'll suck it out of her. He grabs her wrist.

She's staring into the mirror, there's nobody there. Terrifying. Her nipples turn erect immediately.

He turns her to him and shoves his long invisible tongue down her throat.

He pulls his tongue out forces her head back with his hand and her right breast is delicately bitten as he licks her nipple. She's in tears and can't make a sound because he shoves his fingers down her throat, causing her to gag. Watery snot trails out her nose. He slaps her left tit and fingers her pussy. Her body responds. He turns her shoving her over the sink, her face next to the mirror.

Her feet come off the floor, his cock is perched between her powdered buttcheeks already oozing. With his fingers still down her throat, he casts a spell sending something down even further. It tickles and she tries swallowing to stop it.

His cock flexes twice before he rams it into her pussy absorbing the feminine juices. Her anus twitches then the tentacle he sent in pushes out, invisible, only her gaping ass can be seen. He pulls her head up to see her gagging in the mirror.

A few pumps close to her womb and he pushes it in penetrating her painfully too deep, he cums enough it visibly expands her womb. Her face contorts. She climaxes and he removes his fingers. The tentacle slides out.

Soft, so weak, a frail human in the flesh, defeated, mine to do what I please.

He grabs her wrists pulling them up behind her head. He energizes her until her body's brimming with tremors. He vigorously fucks her ass and fills her belly. She futilely attempts to regain her breath, but she can't stop lightly screaming it out as she quakes.

He lets go and grabs her tits in his hands, he presses her nipples hard between his fingers. Her head and hair are in the sink now. He turns her around to face him and he bends her backward over the sink while biting into her breasts again, followed by another like and deep kiss down her throat.

He turns her to her side and he sinks his teeth into her armpit. She drools into the sink basin as he finishes a final load in her ass, the stuff pours into the sink out of her mouth. When he pulls out viscous stuff drains out onto her leg. He leaves the bathroom while the girl's ruined body reclines on the sink.

The master would never treat her like this. She can only think the master would never do something this wonderful.

The second bunnygirl in the queen's bed is devoured from her pussy to her tits. The lady's tongue touches every part of her body. She kisses her and squeezes her ass. Anus and tail dangling in front of her, she has wicked plans for those dank places.

"You should take a liking to this treatment. One day you'll have to satisfy a man much more aggressive than I can imitate. I'll give my best try to increase the threshold now."

She takes out a thin rope and binds their hands behind them. Their tails up, face down.

"Should the master wish to see us today, beg for him to release all he has inside."

With their faces down on her pillows, she gets a thicker rope for their body, then braces their ankles together in a solid bar spanning the width of the bed. She puts blindfolds over their eyes.

"Push like you're going to the bathroom when it goes in."

She has glass anal plugs and fits the first girl who complains incessantly, but has no vote in the matter, it enters and her anal passage is spread open, it's done. Another scream outside, closer. It turns the lady on.

The maids argue, "Miss, I think something might be happening. We should get dressed."

She fits the second with a glass anal plug only slightly smaller.

"No my butt. Eeek! Madam please."

She's tight but the plug goes in. The maid yells into the pillow when it passes in.

Poor dear, the lady thinks, and gives her little pawn in the game of intercourse a kiss on her butt.

She stuffs their mouths with stockings and puts a strip of cloth over holding it. The muffled girls' argument that this is going too far is sweet to listen to.

She masturbates while watching the two gaped victims give into their role as pleasure dolls. They start enjoying it, they should train for long intercourse so she leaves it.

There's some shouting and banging coming from the master bedroom.

She smiles, her husband must have finally decided to bring the maid to his room. She would see that. He's finally blossoming under her care like so many of these fine ladies. The screams though, that's new. Was he frightening the women? She goes to his room.

The men and two maids make it up the stairs. There's some shouting in the bathroom. They can hear noises coming from the queen's bedroom.

"We'll have to exorcise this woman in the master bedroom," says the lord.

They bring her in and tie her legs together and her arms behind her, left on her back. The master chants the healing spells he learned, her body improves, bruises heal. Tied down, she doesn't appear to care.

"It's no use. She remains like she's a shell awaiting pleasure," he says.

The lady walks in.

"Am I too early? Why are you fully clothed? Oh, I see, you're enjoying a little bonding."

Not entirely sure what she meant, her husband explains the situation.

"Oh, so who is he?" She asks about the man with the hood.

He speaks, "Think of me as a benefactor in these matters. I chose to let you see me now." He removes the hood, beneath is a skeletal visage of an indiscernible age.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 5: Slow Finisher[/size][/u]

The scent of sex wafts down the hall and he follows it, he can tell there will be a prize most bountiful at the end. A door, he'll enter carefully.

Inside the room are two bound women in an attractive face-down ass-up position fully exposed with gaping anus spread by transparent glass. The only thing they're wearing looks like sexy suits modified into lingerie, barely hiding their midsection, and bunny tails pointed up. Their arms behind their back, their heart-shaped asses spread out, their legs are locked open, their clits exuberantly wet.

This must be bait. It doesn't get much better than this. It's too tempting. His erection says 'go for it.'

He puts his weight on the bed, depressing it under him, and he finds position behind the one on the right closer to the door. He feels with his fingers slipping into the wet cunt in front of him. Her body reacts startled. He slides his hand along her face. Her cheeks move up like she's smiling. This is most certainly a treat he never experienced. His meals aren't so willing. He feels for an insertion and has sex with her. She happily squeezes. His ballsack smacks against her clit when his cock grinds her anus touching the glass. He inserts into her and repeats. He can't go all the way in without breaking her womb.

He has felt her agreeably allowing this. He hears her breath in and out getting excited. There's something disgusting about it. He starts moving at his speed and feels her body wince in pain. He presses his cock into her cervix to wear it out. Her face is a grimace of pain and after a few minutes her body is sweaty. The master is too cruel. He pulls at the anal plug just to see what it'd do. He claps her ass. Then he clasps her tits between his hands and pumps as hard as he can shaking the bed and rattling her insides.

The other girl moves her face in her pillow and the blindfold slips. She sees nothing. Her friend is being barbarically violated by nothing. Her tits wobble and squash. She appears to orgasm and moan, but then lets out an eek and a sound like she's been punched in the gut. She's doing her best to please the nothing. The nothing that fucks her isn't gentle in the slightest and she has scratches and bruises forming on her while it collides into her. There's a loud clap as her ass jumps up. She's sweaty and not constantly pained because she squeaks and squeals trying to brighten the mood and sweeten the pot, like the lady taught. Does she like it? All the watcher does is sweat in frightened anticipation. Her own juice spills out her ripe and trails with gravity up past her clit to her exposed belly. She is hit on her clit by a strong flick and she cranes her neck to see there's nothing. It repeats, bringing her to orgasm, then a jagged sensation runneth along her clit forcing her to the edge again.

Her friend's lower abdomen inflates and her body strains, her mood changing to desperate from the tension. A jet of cum and red energy exits her vagina. A jagged sensation runs along her clit as well for good measure and she pulls her legs moving away from it. The bed unsquashes as her master vanishes.

Twenty seconds later he returns. The door opens. He moves behind the next woman in line and begins to screw her with incredible force. He has disdain for either of their reactions. This one's wrapped up for him, too, but she isn't enjoying it, her body language, her adrenaline, the crying. Finally a decent woman.

His hand feels her face. He sees the blindfold's off. There's a gag preventing him from entering her mouth. That is no good. He enjoys the feel of her nose and soft face before understanding them better, well, no matter what they're feeling, they can't escape under normal circumstances. This is going to fuck with their heads even more.

He removes the other woman's blindfold and materializes visibly. Revealed to her view he fucks this busty bunnygirl just the way he likes. Her tail wagging each pump.

The viewer whose lust overcame the brutal force of a brutal master is stricken with fear at the sight of an apparition. She loses what little control there was to have. Feeling cold now from the sweat on her body. She's quite upset at the state she's in. Swollen womb. Bruised, battered, and scratched. Her friend's genitalia is fondled in view with meticulous minstruation, pinching, clawing, and pussy fucking. This thing fucks just like she wanted, she wants this to happen to her. She felt it. But. It wasn't supposed to be done by a demon! The woman under him climaxes and she's turned on more. She sees the exposed belly flex and trill. The woman getting violated looks back again and this time sees him, and her expression changes. Her body rocks fast like she's having another orgasm, she's trying to stand up and shakes her upper body to get away waving her tits around. He spanks her ass one squeezing hard enough to cut her with his claws and pulls out.

His hands tear off the front of the woman's costume and she's glistening with sweat. Her entire body is shaking. Her eyebrows squinching. She's panicking and it looks orgasmic enough the other woman viewing feels it as well. Standing up his cock emerges looking like a spear, turning around, it's near her face. He removes the anal plug and shoves his tongue in, a row of serrated teeth like a woodsman's saw cut at her lower back leaving teeth marks. She twitches uncontrollably now, knowing her demonic mate is capable of anything. His teeth dig into her pussy and lower back and he squeezes her butt with his hands. He closes his eyes... something deeply satisfactory about this act has moved him. His tail wraps around her neck. There's a certain satisfied look growing on her face now as well. Is the anal that good? She's enjoying this, is it so easy to make a woman happy?

He removes her gag and puts his cock in her mouth; He spreads her anus with his thumbs. He continues tongue-fucking her anally. There's no doubt she's in pain, her throat stretches. He puts his hands under her feeling her soft body and clit. He abuses her tits more. This is exciting. He's going to do this to her next? He pulls out and turns back to the doggystyle position, his penis ready. He shoves his fingers down her throat and rams his whole length of pecker up her rectum. He holds her body up for several minutes during vigorous anal fucking before his body instinctively betrays his sheer lust for the bunnygirl's anal, while climaxing he grabs her tits very hard and sinks teeth in close to her neck cutting her shoulder. She won't get away.

His helpless victim has so many feelings at that moment. The other girl tries to scream, but her mouth is full. The girl felt the creampie, sadly, he betrays her and pulls out. Cum flows out her anus while she twitches. The terrible creature vanishes, his weight leaving the bed. Betrayed again. She wants him back.

Twenty seconds later he returns. The nothing enters the room. And at least one girl can't wait to see him again.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 6: Vampire[/size][/u]

They can't figure out how to free the woman from her lustful torment. There's no answer. She was gone in one way and turned on another. They hear the wall bang from the direction of the queen's bed.

"Excuse me," the lady says, "I've left some things unattended to." She leaves them to keep debating. "Do come along if you need entertainment," she adds.

She opens her door and sees a vicious pair. A woman she bound is being held up as she's screwed, a tail between her legs. The thing taking her over has his tongue down her throat while her head's tilted back. The thing has lips, he uses them at first, but then lets his teeth slip out and down the girl's face. Her bound hands and legs. Those were her work. Her body is nude all but the stockings she wore and a tail. He's like she imagined her husband. But this thing's a—

"Demon!" She shouts.

Although he wasn't doing anything too bad yet, there's a paranormal event happening. Titties bouncing, he grabs the bunnygirl as he was fucking her by her hips and squeezed her loose fat. The lady squeezes her legs together, anticipating. He switches to her ass, popping out the anal plug.

She comes over to him and touches him.

"Stop that immediately." (because I'm wet) "This is my bed. My girls." (my property)

He grabs the maid's hanging tits and squeezes as if to milk her, her fat nipples at the end of his fingers puff out red they might pop. She cries out sensing this is the final moment she's been begging him for. He sinks his teeth down on her nape before the lady can fight him off bloating her belly with cum. He stares at the intruder with his teeth out. She is in his sights. His tail works into the maid's clit for a minute bringing her to orgasm again. He licks her neck up to her face and across. His tongue is big enough to cover her face from view but the way she's tilting her head back and crying, drooling, and smiling all at once, she appears to feel extremely good.

The others come in to see him vanish. The bed creaks. The monster has exited the room.

The two bound women are seeking further intercourse.

"There's nothing else to do for them. Should they be freed, they'll only pursue another climax." The chase continues. "He appears to have a refractory period like a normal man." The lord gives the lady the tome for her to study. He enchants his body for vigor.

"Are you planning to fight him?" asks the lady.

"I would have him answer for his actions."

There's another scream down the hallway. The refractory period is painfully short. They all go. Almost all of them.

They chase after a ghost they never see that takes the women in every room. It leaves them thirsting more. And it makes them useless.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 7: Sacrifice the Queen[/size][/u]

The lady stands on the stairs balcony. She hears the basement open. There's a scuttle as something runs past her through the double doors.

So that must be where he comes from. She goes downstairs and unlocks the basement with a clothespin.

In the back is a strange totem. She puts her hands on it and it grabs her pumping arcane magic into her. It does not let go.

The demon's mate squeals in delight at his anal penetration. He removes his fingers from her throat. Her mammaries are tested in that final moment and they make his cock harder. She makes a joyous noise when he whips her lower half with his tail and slides it between her tits. He sinks his teeth in and finishes by unloading his entire stock in her.

He's summoned back to the totem.

The ritual feast must continue, he will produce a new hoard and become the master. Only then he will have endless sacrifices without interruption.

When the demon returns he finds someone bound to his vitality source, chest out. She doesn't waver or flinch as he approaches. He opens his mouth as if to bite her face. He feels her gown. He moves it off her chest with his tail and slips around one of her breasts. She breathes faster.

She's never had sex with something so alien. She has no desire for her life to end here though, so she won't betray her feelings, mostly fear. She chants a buff that usually makes women cum really fast before he gets any closer to her face. It does something to the demon.

Her bare body becomes intoxicating to him. He looms over her, slides his dick in then shoves his tongue down her throat. Her pushes his lips out once to give her a wet kiss. he does nothing but try to cum into her repeatedly for the entire session. He feels the blood flow from her to his loins. His energy pouring out, it's not too difficult to get comfortable like this, infinite orgasm with her bound to the totem is within his reach. Throat-fucking her with his tongue, his teeth are wrapped around her face. He lifts her lower half of the gown up and slips a very long finger up her ass and pulls spreading her anus open.

She's enjoying this dangerous game a bit too much. Wasn't anal how he finished off that woman?

He stabs into her womb, he jerks his head back, he forces his face back, saliva runs down her throat. This causes such a revulsion she thinks she's throwing up and can barely breathe. He stabs a long finger into her right nipple flattening out her breast while pushing it in, then he twists it, she doesn't give in. He sinks his teeth in pinching her bare breast and cums. Her body's been transformed by the totem. She knows. The pain feels good.

The totem's refilling him and corrupting her. Her muscles become firm. Her ass tones, she begins to pull away and his hands take her wrists forcing them back. He sucks at her tit for a moment longer with his lips. He's leaving teeth marks all the while. He stands up and forces his tail up her ass. He brings his face back down to hers. His tongue trails around the front of her neck.

You aren't getting away, and this will only get better.

He feels her body twitch. He removes his tongue to look at her. His eyes devour her before he would mate her again. He turns her to her side and holds up one leg, screwing her sideways on her right side, she's touching the totem so it recovers them both. The overflowing energy lets him and her keep cumming. He'll never stop. He can feel her legs growing stronger. He can touch her with his hands, and he'll never stop cumming in her pussy. He puts a hand on her left tit and squeezes while he pulls tight into her with one leg high up in the air he bites her thick calf muscle and cums.

He has her kneel and grabs her hands. She performs oral and the shape of it bulging in the middle won't leave her mind. She tries to make it last. He forces her to speed up using her like a toy. He turns her upside-down against the totem and continues. His tongue finds its place in her pussy. He sucks at it. He squeezes her calf muscles while climaxing down her throat. She opens her legs to a full split and he crams his tongue in her ass. They continue screwing like that until he cums again. There's something extra intoxicating about this position he has to have more. He lifts her and puts his tongue in her mouth. He turns her.

Now she's on her front. Her head's down she could touch the floor with her hands by 'raising' them. His cock goes in her mouth and his tongue goes in her ass. His tail goes up around her neck. His hands grab her tits and he bites into her taint. Cumming. His hands come up and he recognizes the generous shape of her ass. The fat of it slowly draining away. He slips out. He lowers her and gets an ass-job with her face on the floor, he's feeling her body-shape and spreading her with his thumbs.

He rights her upwards, face to the totem, and grinds into her ass. His tail finds her pussy. Now she'll be like the rest. He licks her neck and her body craves this. He's putting it in. She lifts her head higher pressed into the energy spelling her doom for the final moment and sticks her ass out relaxing for the insertion. It went in, she prematurely starts to groan thinking she'll feel it in her belly. His hands grope her tits and bear down. Her pussy cums some more from his tail violently whipping up her insides and spilling out grinding her clit.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 8: Size Difference Matters[/size][/u]

"That's my wife!"

Her husband walks in to see her like this, with this thing, and that happening, how naughty of her. How very compromised she is. The thought of making him insane with jealousy was equally stimulating while she still has it inside her.

He fires a magic bolt of black flame shattering the totem. At least, she hopes he was aiming for the totem.

It splits and she falls forward, free, the demon releases her during his recoil. His cock makes its way out, fwip! Then his tail, and any other part of his body touching hers. Her tits are sore.

The two men wrestle the demon to the floor and bind him with multiple spells.

The hooded man there says, "I think I can tame it. You wouldn't mind, right?" The creature responds with a whimper.

He leaves with the magic-bound vampire, presumably to train him to respect women more. He whispers something to him and the demon obediently follows.

The husband says, "According to the tome, there's a giant city beneath the basement. We're going to be constantly harassed like this if we don't go break their toys."

His wife glances to his crotch and announces, "With you looking so... happy to see me? How about we take care of things here, first?"

Only after explaining the story of the ancient city he ceased, and shifted his underwear, by then they were at the gates below.

Two armed guards are standing at the front gate of the city. There's a woman with four arms, plated armor, and what might be a small horse wearing the like. On closer inspection they're both about as large as a horse, the perspective was fucked because the gate is also so huge.

There's a moat.

They get a look and there are so many people, they accost their mates in droves and screw against the walls like they can't stop. The couple retreats and summons genies to help nullify them.

The lady tells her genie, "I can't fuck the horse, so you should."

The woman summoned is no bigger than she, but she's got tremendous titties, the glint in her eye at the mention of a horse suggests this would be alright.

A blue giant with ethereal tendrils and a cavernous midsection is summoned.

The genie approaches him, somewhat understanding this is a joint effort. The housemaster doesn't appear impressed, can the oddly shaped giant really beat that giant woman?

The woman accosts the horse pressing in J-cups that nearly touch her own naval. She removes her top and his cocks emerge from their sheaths slipping out of his pants.

The giant woman seems amused at his lack of control.

Her match greets her. She pulls out a greatsword and hacks off one arm before he can encumber her. Such brutality! With brute strength, she tosses him over the edge into the moat. He vanishes in the throngs below.

Seeing the horse cocks begin ejaculating slowly as the woman rubs along his shaft, the giantess helps. She harshly takes the woman by her face and grabs her hair, arms, and legs. Enormous hands pull her leg wide apart and she lies down. The woman above her spread eagle. She's been held so firmly she can't move and her privates are held up for the man. The man puts his arms around her cupping her spectacular, huge tits she was seducing him with. When his body goes over her she's forced down enough armor is grinding into the woman's clit, the shape of it allows it to insert into her vagina. He roars, lifting her up off the armor. He skewers her with both his dicks. She cums immediately and loudly from the rough treatment she adores.

The couple, watching from a distance, can see his ballsack slap into her.

The woman releases her hands and puts her arms around the woman's lower waist, squeesing her ass. She thrusts her hard metal body up. They're face-to-face. She's being squeezed tightly around her whole body.

A gout of saliva comes out her mouth, the giantess shoves her tongue in with amazing greed sucking at her face and tongue. A red energy from both mates runs into her and she begins manically gyrating forcing the stud closer to his next. Her own energy does so successfully bring him to climax, and she does as well. The horse bends over and slips his cock-like tongue between them. His giant friend sticks out her tongue to lick it and suck it guiding it between them. This resulted in a shared blowjob between the two. He's cumming in every hole and the genie's womb fills quickly making her appear like she's made of jelly. His fingers work the tits, milk squirting onto the one below.

The four-armed woman summons tentacles that helpfully remove her armor and restrain their toy. She helps him relocate his lower dick to her pussy to fill her during the next course.

The sight of the Amazonian monsters teaming up on one woman meant to defeat them was a mess, a magical, tantalizing mess to watch, but it was also an opening.

The woman in control generously takes one in her pussy in place of the plaything. She'll be too busy to prevent them from passing. The couple sneaks through.

The Amazon with four arms pushes the last of her underwear aside and reveals a cock. Holding her affectionate love doll above her with every arm and a kiss from her chest to her face she puts it in. Her upper arms find their way under and she fondles her chest as they continue to finish.

In the distance, a nymph awakens due to the disturbance. She's dressed a bit like a girl out for a walk. She sees the team entering the city and follows.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 9: Girlfriend[/size][/u]

There's another giant woman in exorbitant revealing armor. Blondish pink hair. Maybe just a little taller than seven feet.

"You know. We'll have to deal with these our own way." The lady preps then approach the Amazon. "Here, let me try. This one's not so big."

They enter a standoff and the giant rushes to the lady. She trips her and casts blue chains, holding, she casts tentacles, which force the giantess to her knees. The bound woman is reclined back, now. Like one of her helpless charges, she undresses her. Plus she begins foreplay. The woman's as big as a table. She looks like she wants this. She sends energy back at the lady. It only spurs her on.

She refers to her husband, "Don't just watch honey. I know you haven't satisfied yourself today."

He enchants himself for strength and virility and removes her boots. The woman is muscular, not the soft feminine muscles like he's always been accustomed to. He puts a hand on her calf and feels it ripple. Her leg jerks up when his wife puts a finger into her.

He speaks up to ask, "what exactly have you been doing while I'm studying?"

She replies, "I've been helping spice up our marriage, of course." 

She summons a genie to deal in magic. These erotic summons are always barely clothed from the start. This one has some exotic look about her and a disheveled look revealing her shoulders and curvaceous ass.

"Take care she doesn't slip out of her binding," she tells the pinup.

The woman nods and puts her hands on the Amazon's head, sending her own power in manipulating her. She summons a tentacle that wraps around the upper body, some that grope her captive's tits, another goes partway into her captive's mouth, and another is between her own tits pulling off her top hands-free.

Excite my husband? I shall try my best.

Her breasts and the genie's are like pillows behind the other's head.

"Ok love, it's your turn."

She's excited to see he's also ready, a bit of a chub boner, he's loosening his belt.

"How would you like to take her first. Like this?" She deliberately reclines the warrior backward down to her back.

The Amazon's taint and metal penis is easily exposed and any cover removed. She has something to say about that.

"No. I am a proud warrior. You won't defeat me easily."

She's still chained though. The genie helps move her in position. She's held down, her pelvis is stuck in the air, her feet together, her legs are lifted up above her head now. Her taint exposed, ass and pussy are prominent and clean.

"Look. Pink hair." Her tuft of pink pussy hair sticks out. The lady, standing, runs her finger along her taint, smoothing over. "It's so soft. Touch it."

Blue tentacles stuff the big girl while her husband watches. She's lubricated and the tentacles pull out. "Watch me." She licks the woman's privates, they all have to stand to do this. The genie helps hold her, and after seeing her summoner performing oral she also eats the Amazon's ass.

The lady comes up to the husband and takes out his cock. She helps make him hard with kisses. He casts the best enchantment and it grows full mast, precum. She pulls away, she needs to get him to screw many novel women, even this bodybuilder from an exotic land. She's telling him. "Do it. Or are you into something more like this?" The Amazon's knees are tucked under her, her head down her muscular ass skyward. Her arms are behind her back. The genie has to adjust herself while holding down the woman, her own ass is in the air. "Or do you prefer her?" The genie's barely-there pants are slipped down her privates are quite prominent even with her thong over it, encouraging the man.

He comes forward, enchanted purple essence seething from his root. Her bodyplate armor removed her bare muscular ribs and her relatively small breasts are out, D-cups, flattering for her low-fat build. His wife pulls down her top exposing herself. "Hold her right there," he tells her servant. She slides down her panties and joins in. Now there are three butts.

He thinks, not long ago, that thing was in her. He feels her abused folds. Three women are begging for him to finally make his move. He feels the genie's. He stares at the genie's ass. Her tits are visible even as she maintains her hold on the woman's head. He looks back at the muscular one's ass. He has to walk back behind her from either of the two.

The magic does her under as he penetrates, he slips in her entrance and it's like a vacuum was inside her, and then a force intensely pressing out too, she pushes back at him, her girlcum escapes with force. She did cum all over his legs, as the story goes. And while his precum drips he'll invigorate. He'll return the favor in a moment. His magically erect cock makes a loud crash as he thrusts. She cries out, "oh Zeth oh fuck, I can't win." The stuff tingling like fizz as it escapes his cock. Her back arches and falls and she yells from the rising intensity until her pussy overflows with both their orgasmic bile.

He's able to lean forward and finger the two on the side. But it's not easy.

The lady gets up and in front. She wants more. The genie holds the captive's head and pulls her hair up as the lady caresses her front. She casts her own enhancement and stuffs the woman's mouth full of cooch with some help. The initial girlcum rolls down the chin and she shakes her head up and down. The pair of enchantments have skewered her mind, she doesn't even think of fighting now. This is an intense feeling for the Amazon who gets loud enough to shock everyone despite being muffled.

The lady steps back and watches her husband blow, a large shock of essence and corrupting magic trails through the woman which changes her skin color if only in a single wave, and he pulls out creating a ripple of steam in the air. He finishes, shooting a few remaining streams onto her backside. She jerks from the impact like it stung her to have it land there.

The lady's girlcum in her mouth and on her face. She's done in. Her arms free she hugs the genie like a doll until she vanishes. And the giantess is left there.

The nymph runs silently to alert her sisters in the city. They're about to be invaded by a fun couple. They should be on their best behavior. Lots of cummies.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 10: Nymphomania[/size][/u]

They have a conversation on their way to the central pillar. The source of energy must have a purpose, and for the builders of this place, a means to control it.

The master.

"The women here are total sluts. Imagine the intellectual force what made this place. Were the invaders successful in purging those that created it? What we saw at the gate, the giants, those are invaders spoken of in the tome."

His wife.

"Was there some kind of accident? Maybe there was no takeover."

"You saw the gatekeepers. The red hair, the muscles. The tome tells the story. Like I said earlier the..."

Shuffle.

Some of the denizens of the deep are sneaking around listening to their conversation. The lady has something to say about that.

"If someone over there wants to help, we need to know the way to the center of the city."

In response to that, a group of demi-humans emerges. Maybe the couple bit off more than they can chew. The demi-humans have vestigial tails and translucent skin. Signs their mixed-breeding was totally random. It turns out they're friendly.

They are easily pleased with words. They ask for news of the mansion and upon hearing that the couple were the new masters they were ready to answer any questions.

What is the city below? The story according to the lord of the mansion:

There is a connection between the ancient city and the ancients themselves. A technologically advanced race, it's a mystery whether they were human, to begin with.

At the time that Dread invaded, her Zeth empowered forces easily overthrew and mated them. The remaining populace is child-like. Not particularly strong. They bear the gift Zeth gave them all. They will not waver in a fight, they will not grow fatigued during intercourse. It's quite possible that there are no true ancient citizens remaining, the offspring of Amazons and the ancient kin are something of a nymphoid. Every part of their body is pleasured by physical contact with reproductive ability, coital, they lure other races in, mixing their genes among countless generations. Rather than inbreeding, or animal husbandry, they have done their best and introduced explosive growth through anarchistic mating.

As the new entourage help them, the couple finds themselves in an incomplete stone building. There's one figure wearing a jacket remaining. "Follow me. I'll take you the rest of the way," they say.

The housemaster inquires, "Can you tell of us your recent history? And what we'll be facing?"

"I don't know much," the woman in a jacket says, "Down here is a constant battle between Halfbliss and the Dank Apostles."

That sounds ominous.

She finishes, "though our numbers are ever rising, it's ever increasingly difficult to intermarry."

The lady asks, "what kind of win condition are you looking for?"

The answer is summarily: There are a number of possible victories which refer to dynasty and lineage.

The master scoffs. Utter nonsense, they are ants trying to capture queens. "The alignments grant Dread superiority," he tells them.

His wife answers to her man's fatalism, "Then we'll have to counter Zeth's influence with Illmuire. It's always worked before."

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 11: Machine[/size][/u]

The woman leads them into the cathedral chamber, there is a device with a mysterious configuration and runes interlinked by giant metal pillars.

They're informed, it is the only way. They must use this to proceed. They were given no other explanation. She leaves them there.

The lady steps forward and activates a random panel. "I'll be back. Try figuring out anything you can," she says. She vanishes in the center as though a magic trick.

The master remains to decide.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 12: Inflatable[/size][/u]

At the top of a pillar, the lady sees there's a simple terminal with the sole option to activate it. A teleporter sends her elsewhere.

She reappears in someplace resembling a giant ritual chamber and encounters a duo.

Another horse.

And a nymph.

Her body has been altered by the contact with that totem. Her sex was tested, and she withheld long enough to make it here. There's nothing to fear from old foes.

She straightens up enough to expose her assets. She's ready to fuck them both. Nobody said it would be easy.

She enchants herself. The cum god's power is the only boon she needs to take them both. She flexes her glutes which crease her nightgown.

She considers if she had worn something a little more intimidating, rather than this, they may have left her alone.

Seeing her carefree approach the nymph glides over and touches her.

She's naked. Young looking, a sheen across her skin like a piece of candy, her pores are not visible to the naked eye but she's certain that the nymph described by the tome is the same. The girl titters and helps her move along to the big boy waiting.

He offers a smile. There's no doubt he's going to get laid. The woman who's come isn't even offering resistance.

He's able to stand and reaches down with human hands. He grabs the woman wearing a revealing dress and she's ushered to something like a stall with a holster and strapped in. Oh the feeling of her body. She only manages to get him harder trying to look at him.

There's a good deal of lubricant rubbed on her bottom by the two of them and the man mounts her filling her insides up. He grunts at the sensation of power being sent back at him. Her stomach bulges and there's a sudden rush of moistness as her supercharged body releases spilling girlcum on the floor.

She lets out a sigh at the sensation.

The nymph presses her hand to the lady's mouth and looks happy to abuse her face. She lets her face distort into a grin and her body morphs with numerous tentacles. She fucks the lady's throat while her partner takes the back end. She removes the lady's tits from her top with ease and stretches them by hand, rubbing and kneading them.

Another layer of lubrication is applied between her breasts, the nymph's hands excrete it entirely on her own. A tentacle slips between them repeatedly stimulating her and the nymph.

The large male pulls out. He repositions behind her resembling a horse once again. He enjoys the view and sniffs at her. His lips encircle one full asscheek and he suckles. He opens wider licking across her genitalia and encompasses the entirety of her lower back. His tongue could roll around her entire back and underneath looking like a huge cock stuck out below her belly. If she wasn't on a fixture he would have surely swallowed her whole.

The nymph turns and presses her bottom into the lady's face. It's soft enough her head deforms it smothering her, she is nearly shoved into one of her orifices while feeling them open letting more of her in.

The horse forcefully pushes back into her. He doesn't have any notable teeth so it's a smooth even force on her lower back. He jams his tongue into her anus and lets the sticky saliva coat her backside while performing his gluttony. His lubricants and cum spill out below rushing past her labia. His cocktongue is slipping into her deeper even though he can't. Firmly between his lips touching the back of his throat something else is just barely able to reach her clit stimulating her and the walls within contract hard enough it's like a strong massage.

In the fixture her legs are held down so he's not quite able to form a seal and suck her lower half in, even while he tries. Her body shakes, this is less painful but far more invasive than getting screwed against an enchanted totem. 

He reaches up with his hands and undoes her legs. She's spread eagle with both his hands pulling her into his mouth. He's still not quite able to swallow her from this position.

She tries turning her face away for a breath of air. Stuff is coming out of the woman from in front of her and it's too viscous to be sweat.

The nymph has a very odd laughing orgasm. Like she forgot what she was doing, she unsticks herself and tries to chant fumbling a few attempts.

The lady chants too, summoning purple snakes which penetrate the nymph and bite her in her many many erogenous orifices and weakpoints that allow them to pass through directly. She's quite indisposed getting fucked all over her body. Her movement and stunned look at times suggest something dirtier happening. A snake slips out her mouth and back in and spooge gushes out her mouth and her body wrings out like a sponge.

The horse, turned on by the sight no doubt, finishes another load and begins pulling out her asshole and removing his maw from her heart-shaped backside. His lips press on her lower back and make a wet smooch as he sucks back around the glutes. His tongue's able to do a little more and he wipes it around the crack of her ass before feeling satisfied.

His hands cup under now pulling her legs up. He has her ankles high enough she sees her own feet. He moves in and passionately kisses her anus and opens wide taking in her mons, his lips spread around one glute and then her entire ass and begins swallowing her down to her naval his insides vigorously dance acoss her undercarriage and he penetrates her ass again.

After enduring this contentedly. She considers from this position he could swallow her whole. The lady summons a servant. A lower-level woman of Illmuire. The servant rapidly unlatches the stall. The man is quite exhausted, but he stands on two legs with the lady in his mouth ready for the second. He starts trying to suck her in.

She engages her legs and with her new body she's able to fight him off. Her ass escapes the volley of caresses and his cock stretches out as she leaps out his mouth with a plop.

She grabs the nymph who's tied up and reverted back to nearly-human form and sticks her in stirrups. From this angle, her jiggling boobs hang down, and her small frame is exposed to all the imagination holds.

The lady molests her. "Wouldn't you like to give her a try?" she offers the buck.

The two ladies slap her nymph body and she loves it.

The nymph protests anyways, a bit obvious in falsehood, "No horsey, you don't have to. I don't want to get fattened by you now. The girls. You should..."

The horse obeys his comrade. He pushes the servant aside and tries to free the trollip.

The lady wants to see how far the horse-cum will squirt out this nympho.

She cups one of her G-cup breasts and sees the permeation effect of her hand passing through. Intriguing, it's like an amoeba. This too pleases the horse slut no matter how rough the lady is. After slapping her tits, she gets in front and forces cunnilingus for several minutes before the main show.

She summons a genie. "Enjoy the two of them while I watch."

The combatants argue trying to escape the fixture while the genie's fingers do the magic, exposing the girl. Eventually, the goliath is too horny to think. Getting a sense of his urgent need, the genie lies on her back on top of the nymph and offers her own ass.

The buck shoves his tongue in and coats their bodies with saliva. As he pulls out a trail of cum is left behind. He then mounts. His weight bears on the busty tramp. Both cocks ram into the willing anal and deep. The entire length fits into the nymph and nearly passes all the way through to her neck leaving a bulge. She makes a happy noise. The genie has a look of discomfort as her stomach bulges.

It's so bizarre that the lady steps back to see better. The horse fucks while drooling on the one above until a fountain-stream pours out the nymph's mouth and her lower half bloats. He pulls out just short of doing the same to the genie letting it pass out her anally. He steps back his cocks going flaccid.

The lady creates solid tentacles and prepares to squeeze the nymph woman's body. She's curious what's possible. She feels the nymph's back, many spots glisten awaiting penetration. Is it even going to matter to a woman that enjoys everything on every part of her? So what, she has a belly, a vagina, and a butt. Her predicted failure doesn't stop her from trying.

"Start energizing her as much as you can. Put all of it into her," she instructs the genie.

The genie rides her back and does.

She looks at the horse and waits to see how long it takes for him to get excited again.

The hard red tendrils that snap tight around keep her body from becoming too around while the specters are filling her. The glowing blue mixed in her pinkish natural skin tone. Stuff squirts out her anus and vagina. Her body also permeates with it. Her tits become larger, her nipples thicken and the areolae puff out. 

She feels the newly engorged tits of the love doll and cups them, squeezing out some fluid.

She has the genie, "lie back down. Turn over. Do it again." And again. "And don't stop until you burn out I want to see how much she'll take."

The nymph offers a suggestion, "You don't have to. I'm satisfied."

"I want to," her boyfriend says. His excitement from watching is quite clear.

He grabs ahold of them and slides in. Staring at the genie's tits he presses them firstly in the palms of his hands and lets his tong loll out as he fucks. His white frothing spittle is all over her and dripping out his maw. He is easily able to suck both her tits in while rubbing his cock all the way up from between them and down around her neck. He does this and then works on one tit. He drops his hands to the floor and clasps his lips to hers filling her mouth.

The lady repeats the experiment with the horse screwing both his mates until the blown-up girl's tits touch the floor.

He holds up his head with his tongue still down inside the genie's mouth. The sounds of happy horse sex ends when he slumps forward exhausted. His tongue comes out. His cocks slide all the way in, out the nymph's mouth and the girl above her. His hands finds the enormous mammeries hanging down and gives them a good squeeze.

He might be crushing them both. The girls are presed together on the fixture. He's able to put his forelegs back on the floor and support his weight while sleeping. Fascinating, she thinks.

She moves on to greet the keeper of the next room. There she sees a nymph fucking her husband.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 13: Fertile Grounds[/size][/u]

Unable to activate the same location immediately to follow his wife, the master proceeds to the next location in line.

He's met with a terminal displaying runes and an exit. He understands well enough. He follows the portal to the next.

Inside the following location, there's a single woman reclining. So he greets her.

"Hello, I've just arrived here. Can you tell me more about this place?"

She returns his comment with a dazed look. He must have woken her up. She flits over to him and puts her arms around in a hug.

"Nice to meet you," he says.

There's something uncanny about her. She says, "Can you help me? I have comfort issues. Help me with needs."

He thinks of his wife's wishes. "Yes, I suppose I could."

He places his hands on her and from the total lack of resistance thinks he's going to slip into her.

"Ohh, oh do it, yes, I know what you're thinking," she encourages.

Was she being honest? He slides his hands along her without applying much pressure.

She tries to get more, "Do it with your full weight. Put it in me. Uuh. Oooh. Use this." She strokes his crotch until he's erect.

She gets on the edge of the couch and offers herself removing her garments slowly.

What would my wife do? He explores this woman and fingers her all over. She's more transparent than the nymph he's read about. Perhaps her corporeal state is an indication she's more human.

She moves and pushes him to the seat. He's seated and she switches positions to top. Riding him.

His wife walks in.

She uses a very powerful spell she's grown fond of.

She decides that specters she's summoned are quite attractive. When she fills the nymph's body her body convulses until brought to full climax, and her face goes wide smiling. The nymph excretes blue glowing cum while still seated in her husband's lap. She finally lets her go and he holds her protectively.

"There was no reason for you to do that. I was comforting her. She's still a woman like any we have working for us. Please try to think of her feelings."

The lady smiles and simply states, "She took my fancy." She proceeds to fill her up even more and squeeze her waist while she's still connected with the man. Her tits swell up fat and her cheeks puff out.

"I blew her up," she explains, "See how swollen her nipples have gotten? Now suck her tits babe. She's dying for it."

The nymph didn't seem affected, much to the contrary she looked drunk. He puts his lips to one and the breast practically engulfs his face. He opens up wide to properly suck. His wife inflates the doll again while holding her hands behind her.

"Did you cum inside her at all?" she tells him. "I think we better leave her here if you're done. Let's get going."

He pulls out but he's still hard.

His wife says, "Close your eyes and tell me how this feels."

She takes the thick girl's tits and mashes them around his cock. "You can look now honey I think you'll love the gift." She gets down to help service him.

He opens his eyes to the sight of his wife's head engulfed by nipples wrapping her lips around his cock. The huge tits moved with her head. She pulls hear head out phasing through the breasts and forces the other girl to give head, her lips join in sharing him until he cums between them.

The nymph lies on the floor oozing it all out.

With his penis still hard, his wife mounts and gets some of the comfort he was offering.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 14: Machine Terminal[/size][/u]

"What do you think it's for?" asks the lordly chap.

The couple debates the machine.

The Lady says, "it's some sort of device that will cast a spell on the whole city right? Make sure to set things properly."

"We should stick to what we know. Don't pick any symbol you don't recognize," he recommends.

They enter hers and his next two respective portals. The lady sees a different panel and has a wonderful idea to solve the conflict.

On the other side of the next portal, she meets with another horse. She summons genies to subdue him.

He attempts to swallow one fitting her pussy with his tongue. The girl's got big tits but even that doesn't stop it, his insides squeeze her pushing out her cry of defeat until she slips down till the crack of her boobs barely stuck out and he must have decided he liked her there because he fits the tongue between her pair of tits and begins moving it back and forth to cum in her face.

She summons a second boobalicious snack for him. He grapples. There's something about the gaze between the two women. One in his mouth. The second sucks on the tongue lovingly while he slips one enormous cock in her.

Try this. Then, a third entangles him. They all deal with one of his dicks each. He's encumbered by women with huge tits. He lies on his side and then rests on his back. The cum flying is spectacular. He's completely zonked out and the one in his mouth easily escapes. They bring out specters that feel across his body and completely disable him.

The lady has a bit of a thing for this game now so she gets on top and allows both of his dicks to ejaculate into her enchanting body, enchanting in many ways.

The women smother her and constantly pour their specters into her. Her eyes glow blue from the dangerous orgasmic energy. She feels her physical strength sapped considerably, but she recovers easily. She lets them try until she's satisfied. The mixed energy and sperm cover her. The women smother her with kisses and they play with each other's tits above a horse with two giant cocks.

She returns a kiss to one girl and the genie's blown away senseless, cums, skin flushes, squealing, and she rolls her eyes back.

"It's that easy, huh."

She pulls off of the horse letting the cum spill out. She gets close to his face and reaching in, takes hold of something closely resembling a human penis. The two women still focus on her, they try eating her pussy and after nearly fainting they switch to molesting his cocks instead.

When one joins her blowing the huge phallus in his mouth he became alert. For a tongue, it was still aroused beyond his control. He extends it out more and searches around instinctively. A second takes hold of it and it tries to grope her. They have to wrestle it while pleasuring him. They change their mind, sucking cock was far more entertaining than trying to win against their ex-summoner.

The lady leaves them to their own devices. The goliath is quite incapable of pleasuring two forever. The third she kissed is still drooling lying on her chest.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 15: Cats Fighting Goddesses[/size][/u]

The next place that the master visits he sees a large woman in crimson armor and a lithe figure what has some notable feminine shapes.

The warrior pins the other woman on her back and shoves the point of her crotch into her. It's curved just enough to be a male penis, but it's way too long and solid metal. She fires red lightning and the pinned woman undulates repeatedly before climaxing. The victor laughs and gets up.

The curves of her ass and breasts aren't covered, her nipples are visible. There were places on her hips that closely resembled handles. The armor was functionally a vehicle to have sex in.

A lithe figure reminescent of a frail young woman stands to face her foe. She's wearing nothing but a gown he can see through.

They're going to do it again, he tells himself.

She crimson foe gets the woman in a headlock. She shrieks like a madwoman and a red tentacle wraps up her leg boring into her asshole and out her mouth. It sounds so horrifyingly terrible the master is unable to move despite trying. The tentacle vanishes and she's pushed down to the floor.

The sexual act repeats over and over, there's anger in the loser's demeanor. But, she keeps reconnecting to do battle.

His wife comes in again.

"I didn't want to interrupt," he starts excusing himself. "They're having a go repeatedly. What was I supposed to do?"

The champion who's been screwing the helpless woman looks up and approaches. She's intent on grabbing the lady. She's a little too fast!

She must have gotten bored and now wants a new toy.

With her full-on armor, she pins his wife easily and starts trying to force an orgasm with her pointed crotch.

"No my husband's going to see. Weee!"

A woman's standing at his side. "She's pretty," she tells him. "Is she yours? I could make her love you all the more, with this." She sneaks her hand into his pants while whispering in his ear.

He didn't notice. The lithe woman is so gentle she barely registers. 

He watches, mesmerized as the reigning champion tears off his wife's nightgown with her ass in view and forces oral from his wife. As the warrior goes down his wife, she is tongue-fucked, reclining her back so he stares down her body to the clitsucking action. 

The tip of his cock is extremely sensitive and stimulated by the shade's fingers.

"I'm wet. You want to do her like this too right? Who should fuck your woman first, me or you?" says the shade, her fingers sliding up and down his shaft as he burns a hole in the Amazon glaring.

She gets down and massages his balls with her lips and tongue. He comes to his senses and looks at her and back at his wife. The warrior summons a tentacle to slide it along her clit. That was going to be fucking her in a second, he's gotten used to seeing it happen by now.

He pushes the shade away but she wraps something around him, still stimulating him nearer to bliss, edging him without climax. His wife is getting fucked, the armor rubs against her front now. The metal's not directly inside, but between that and the tentacle, the clit stimulation forcing her to climax. The woman's grinding her armor into her.

He struggles and knocks the shade away, which she laughs at. "I thought you liked to watch," she mocks. "You were watching us. Why didn't you stop her from doing me huh?"

He turns around and grabs her, she's incapable of beating him, he understands. She has no real strength. He's so horny he has to join. His wife is in throes of absolute bliss. He summons strength and screws his wife.

With his dick in the seductive woman who brought him to this point. He forces her to orgasm while the armor grinds into her clit. He saves her and helps her put her skimpy nightgown back on. They leave.

He's entirely confused. What the fuck just happened?

He's holding the shade's arm. She's wearing two nightgowns. The Amazon's still fucking his wife but now he's staring at them from the other side.

About to be penetrated by the prong of armor at her groin, his wife knees her stomach and gets up.

"You're leaving with her instead of me?" she playfully accuses him.

"Give me my wife's nightgown," this was embarassing enough to say.

"No," she challenges.

"Alright. I'll take it off you."

He proceeds to wrestle and pin the woman trying to steal her strength. He's able to get one gown off but she's releasing smoke. In a moment his wife joins them. "Honey," he tells her. "If that's really you I need you to help here." She looks upset.

"I want to have another threesome with you, this dank smokey cat, and her dom."

Something every man wants to hear. They do it.

He wakes up. His wife was beating the shade for him her face was contorting in exquisite agony and she belted out a scream for good measure. The warrior was chained up in an unbecoming position filled with black and purple glowing energy.

They leave.

He's thinking about his wife with the shade and stops to watch again before leaving.

The shade wipes the tears out of her eyes and for a thrilling few minutes has full reign jilling her chained-down opponent. She squeals with joy making her feel the frustration she had so pent up until now. Her eneryg and smoke have no effect, but the Amazon was still horny. Her long tongue makes way into the woman's many places and around her body.

The chains dematerialize and the roles reverse again. The dom returns to abusing the tragic woman and she yells complaints about unfairness and foreplay and "I see you're still there seeing her rape me. Don't stand there and watch you cuck. One day a man like you gets what's coming!" That bitch she's talking to me.

"I'm going to summon snakes to shut her up," the lord's raging at her accusation. "I'm going to summon purple tentacles to fuck her mouth. Honey let's... honey?" His wife wasn't there.

Shit. What if he gets caught again? He better skiddadle.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 16: Swallow[/size][/u]

The lady is in the next chamber. A giant worm pops out of its deep cavern and swallows her whole.

It's a freaking behemoth with a maw far more muscular than the goliath. It's also approximately five times as wide before opening fully into four wet spears with terrifyingly strong looking feelers. She can see straight into it and the little goodies waiting to grab her body should she be caught.

She's consumed.

The face of the worm smashes into the floor at her feet before even contacting her. It compresses its head the lips of its maw curl up swishing her feet in. Its feelers behave like tongues repeatedly sweeping at her pushing her in. It works like an asophagus. It also salivates to help wash her deeper.

She's not buffed. And like this, she can't speak nevermind weild the tome. She can barely fight it despite a permanent strength buff. 

Its insides flex squeezing her tight pulling her in. Draining her strength, her arms are held tightly against her. It's like an enormous pussy squeezing her. It's also not.

Its insides have a life of their own. They float about feeling her body and when she's caught in its folds they proceed to penetrating her. It's like the thing's not one but hundreds of living creatures looking to get laid. She's now wrung with the flesh forcing her deeper. Her body's getting turned inside-out. Stuff's forced into her. It sticks and pulls out with her innards. She's defiled by floating baby larvae and her own eggs are pulled out of her, her lungs, her eyes —She wakes up. A bad dream. Nothing more.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 17: Museum[/size][/u]

The man enters a museum. All around the wide room are chambers filled with women, animals, big sexy ones, and little puppy... girls?

Yes. The animals were actually women with some interesting decorations on them. He's not sure what to think.

When he tries to leave the menagerie the women he thought were inanimate push the sheet of glass aside and come to greet him. Including but not only these kinds of women: shorter girls, girls with canines tails and ears, a muscular vixen warrior in heroic armor, and a she-hulk with red pumpkin-burly muscles and a very expressive face. Besides the gentle eyed foxgirls he thinks the majority could snap his dick off if he didn't know better. They prefer to drain men, that's been their thing all along.

They sit down in front of him. They looked expectant. What do they want? What else? The feeling of blood draining out his head into his cock, and the contents getting drained into a tip. Then his life essence getting milked and sucked out comes to mind.

He carefully explains why he should be allowed to leave without pleasuring each one. "Listen," he reasons. "I'm a happily married man. My wife is here with me." Some of the short women are touching him. "You could easily leave here. Why were you even behind glass?" They're feeling up his inner thigh. More come over. They're surrounding him and he's wading through mostly naked women.

Inevitably he gives up and grants them each what they desire most. He does the girls dressed like a dog doggystyle. He's able to cast buffs and pleasure them all. They like it crazy hard up the ass and he's not able to tell a single one 'no' without hearing her whimper. They all get ready for him in a row and he gushes white paste for them about as reliably as their bodies commence pistoning and roaring with desire and lust from his E' besodden enchantments. He tries to speed it up by firing purple energy through the room.

They became more aggressive.

The biggest of the three bashfully shows her privates. There's a certain cuteness to this one. Big hips, narrow waist, muscles for days. She grunts and he feels her muscled bottom. Her ass looks cut up with ginormous flexing glutes. When he slips in, her pussy's as inviting as any other, but her glutes start twitching and the force of her muscles alone rocked her pelvis and slapped her cunt into him. He felt his nutsack bounce and a splash of wetness. He fires more black energy in her and she squealed? This hungry giant is exceptionally girlish.

Another two take his arms and she shoves her butt back into him until they're done. He watches her ass and back muscles work. She's built like a horse and on all fours she could probably take one. 

This is incredible, he'll admire her for the effort. She's even withstanding the corrupt cum being released in her. She's repeatedly moaning and squirts. Energy from her body trails into him and sparking red. It makes his prick move, and he's thrusted one time into her soft nethers.

They give him a helping hand into her burning hot anal cavity. The energy jolts repeated . Her unplugged cunt was able to melt dripping black. She lost her head during the sexual act and finished somewhere between a squeal and a growl slamming her fist on the floor.

After having sex there is ozone from red electricity in the air. She tries to be invisible but he keeps looking back at her. She covers her face and crosses her legs to hide her privates.

She's not going to force me to stay, he tells himself. That's a relief. But things staying like this would normally be unpleasant. "I really enjoyed our time together," he informs her, for it was ever so heavenly feeling her body. Her degrading orgasms and squeals were something worth cherishing. They were nothing but real. "I best be going."

The warrior wants a wrestle though. She's able to pin him. The rest want it. They suck his dick. He gives them vaginal orgasms. Enchanted cum all around. They have sort of a similar demeanor like they were losing a fight by the end. The cries and roars and swears as they began to encourage eachother to "keep going slut, don't let that dick..." And then he walks out without announcing, not even risking another glance at the cute she-hulk.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 18: Invisible Monster[/size][/u]

There are a group of large wolves that hide in the shadows when the lady enters.

She opens the exit, but as she's about to leave she feels something brush over her.

She's seized and surrounded, she tries to chant an energy bolt. However, the entire group converges forcing their knots into her throat and pussy one by one, cumming inside, she's teleported.

In her exhausted state, she can't fight her urge.

She sneaks up and kisses the goliath, there's a very long tongue in his mouth and she falls back remembering. He tries lifting her for the double barrel and she pulls him down for missionary. His enormous girth struggles but eventually penetrates and he lets out a guttural drone at the sensation inside her. He pulls out then forces back in her wet squirting pussy. His abs flex and he plunges deeply in. He sucks her tits easily swallowing either up to her neck.

She endures a lifetime of passion and he swallows her whole body, his insides fuck her. Other women come and mate with him. She is finally let out when he swallows another. He shoves his two cocks inside the lady again as she shouts the final word of power for recovering. Her body recovers. But from this position she was only on time for more vigorous sex. Her stomach bloats and cum pours out her mouth. She savors it and his mouth covers her with goo, yet mostly on her face. The other women don't stay long. She turns over and he gets down on her like that. He kisses her with tongue cumming down her throat his mouth wetting all over her neck.

Fuck yeah. The wolves won't know what hit them when I get back.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 19: Hard Candy[/size][/u]

There's the spell center, Illmuire is the magic word.

In the following chamber is another nymph. The master reveals his cock, knowing she wanted nothing but to "suck on it," he tells her. She gladly does. He relaxes knowing full well she would do anything to please him.

He takes her to the nearby stairway and has sex with her there. He enchants himself with the ultimate recovery and vigorously bangs the woman on the floor pressing his body to hers until she's practically melded into his chest.

"Yes, yes I didn't know I wanted so badly. This is the power."

He wakes up next to her with her full of his cum. He sucks on her tits.

There's more, he thinks. What, more? More women. They're all swarming towards him. "Uh, excuse me, ladies. Excuse me. I. I'm. Yes yes. I have business here. Out of the —get —out —of —no!"

They don't listen and each one pursues to mate with him. They have some success. Even when he tries to fight. Five or six are given a generous quantity of sperm and others are able to steal orgasms. His mouth and penis are unable to satisfy everyone. The endless numbers make him concerned.

He feels very warm all over. He's enjoying it. They're all melting together like one giant pussy slipping around his body. Ahhh.

They held up his head and supported his spine, never being so careless they'd smother his face. Their mistake. He comes back to rational thought and begins casting until he finds something that repels them.

Purely physical enhancement doesn't make them horny. Orgasmic energy shook them to their pussy core, in fact certain features on them absorbed it and literally shook. He drew forth black sensory-depriving barriers that were neither stimulating nor solid while leaving so it's quite impossible for them to catch up or break through. They don't have words adequate to describe a man like him. He's kind of a prude.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 20: Festive Breeding[/size][/u]

He finally meets up with his wife and tells her this new development, "They're acting strange." As they attempt to retreat out the mansion the denizens of the deep are in a frenzy. An absolute fuck-all frenzy.

They make it back to the sewer where they see the humanoids giving in to carnal pleasure like wild animals in heat. Their own desires are blooming and they kiss before knowingly rushing through, not to be caught in the orgy, past the gatekeepers who are also mating. The genie and warrior have become friends. Ascending the sewer steps towards the bedroom, up the flight of stairs to their bed, the doors, their bed. There they make love.

They stare into each other's eyes.

"What kind of spell did we cast?" he asks this turning to his wife."I didn't see any of the spell runes besides power."

"Oh, you know, enchant..." she's lacadaze, horny for him.

"Enchant?"

She says, "Regen."

Oh no, he thinks, asking her seriously, "You gave them mana regen? What were you expecting?"

She smiles. "We're going to be away for a long time, sire. Rock my world," she finishes the thought with a laugh. The aftermath even reaches as far as the mansion for all they know.

They're living it up.

*****
[hr]

[u][size=115]C10, Scene 21: Boony Bopp[/size][/u]

Years later. The manor lord, a youthful yet wise man is jacking off to a porno mag. It not what it looks like, he actually spent a long time reading and revising library manuals and tediously overbearing catalogs.

A newly employed bunny appears to him. She's an amazingly built, busty, bubbly happy girl. She rises and falls as she walks like she's in a dance, constantly, and her hips gyrate and she wiggles her ass in circles. She's really fit her waistline's impossibly small.

She helps him by massaging his cock right in the middle of his self-love. It's really too much for him. He shushes and shoos her. She refuses.

She puts her lips to his ear and casts a spell to make his dick even harder. It didn't take any magic, just a few whispers. She spends the night sucking him off shaking her rump the whole time in his enamored state. She twerks her butt for his viewing pleasure. She leaves before he has a chance to ask her anything.

The next night he's in bed with his youthful wife. Two girls come, like the last, they are bustling and touching eachother, their dance is staggered but they're in sync with the timing.

They get in bed without asking. Both the people sleeping there are serviced at the same time. They're very gentle with their privates and give head, regardless how they responded. The whole time the bed's rocking from thir swivelling hip motions and they giggle while going to work on their marks.

"Honey," he asks, "is this happening?"

She puts her arms around him and says, "Yes dear. This would be perfect if you finished inside me." She gets on top of him and they connect while the girls help lubricate their machinery. Completely unnecessary, for the past fifty years or so the bliss came instantly. It's only been recently, the magic's faded. Huh.

"The girls you've trained are getting so bold," he tells his wife.

"I don't know who they are," she denies. "Do you know if this is her doing?" He has a question but they finish vigorously thrusting at eachother and fall asleep.

He dials up an old friend as soon as he can.

On the phone. "Hello," greets the lord, "Have you been sending over maids recently? It's me at the estate. Who is this? ... No. Yes. It's good to hear from you too. No, you don't have to personally observe. Well, yes, this is something supernatural. Indeed. I'd like that. Ok, I'd really really like that kind of surprise. I've missed you."

Bootycall with benefits. A goddess in her own right came. She even brought a descendent of an Amazon tribe, "She's the real deal. Just like you know it. She'll be a tame lovemaker if you need one, like the rest of my girls you've taken a liking to. Want to keep her?"

The two of them sucked his cock, every time he wanted. These girls look like they're in love with him and have the time of their life holding a cock.

Amazon maid. She's about his size. She's new so she's allowed to mount him fornicatively. Nature takes its course.

Eg. the corrupted Amazon is insatiable and wears herself out screwing him. A sadistic mismatch of energy resides in the blushing red woman who has fainting orgasms. The resemblance to Dread remained uncanny, but this is only one from her tribe.

The ultimate bunny came over to fuck him. He filled her with his honeyed words and then his cock soon after.

Later his wife took the aside for a stern talk. He nearly got up to stop them but it was to the sound of lighthearted envy.

His wife was very inquisitive, "He never talks to me like he does with you. What's your trick?" She must have done that to get him to look. Their butts were staring back at him.

He got to see his wife fall for the incredible woman long ago. This conversation ended very well, like they often do, breast to breast for his viewing pleasure as they made up (nearly making-out) for transgressions against either right now or some frivolity in the past. They already knew he was into this.

At night, the strange beautiful bunnygirls arrived again. Three entered his bedroom with his wife in bed with him.

"There they are," They see the angelic thrall of Illmuire and stand at attention, undulating.

She examines them. "It's a glimmer. Something powerful controls their nature to align to one more breed ready. Not unlike the woman I brought they're deep under a spell."

She snaps her fingers and the girls suddenly look like they've woken up. They aren't dancing like a playact or a doll on string.

The lady casts her buffs and the other three there look surprised. She looks back at everyone else, stating, "Aren't we going to screw them? They're here to fuck. More will be coming. I can tell that much."

They cry and beg and scream like any real woman as the sex gets rough, but, in the end, they wipe the mask of frail humanity away once their wombs are full. They float away and vanish discarding the bunnysuits. They're a long-departed civilization reduced to a strange mismatch of kink and sexual fantasy.

The couple won't remain and be treated like sexual seasoning on an oral dish.

"More," says the master, "They're going to keep sending more. My nephew is visiting. Will you warn him when he gets here? You know how their type behave."

In other words, the maid finishes. Fuck him silly right? "Allow my discretion," she tells them. "We'll just need to handle the delicate matter. We'll greet him. This is all I can do." She writes a note. Then she asks, "Do you still have it? Give it. I know what to do."