
I'm really upset at the notion I'd have sex. One of the things I'd want to happen involved a lot of sex. And it all went great but how am I supposed to vent about it with so few people to share that experience with? Sex has such a profound impact that it's something that I may never stop thinking about.

I suppose, if I wrote like this as a journal in the second arc, it would come across a hundred percent genuine.

If I got a guilt free ticket to bone all of the babes of my fantasies from here on I could write about how the intercourse felt in excruciating detail and go fuck the same girl to relieve my hardon.

--
So I take it some of the things I said about France in the past might come back to me. Ok, I can take it. In fact I can take as many French women on as they're able to muster.

Interesting thing about that story I read. Arcadia and their adherence to stories. While it may be true that I lose the urge to jerk off while I'm obsessed about an extreme beauty, it's all for the chance that I can fertilize her, with gusto.

That girl I watched some porn videos of is amazing.

Supermodel look alikes that want hardcore anal and vaginal are absolutely going to suck my balls dry. I just have to endure. How many months of pregnancy are safe for continued intercourse?

French people keep a youthful vigor into their prime. Honestly I am not really sure if it would be impossible for sex scenes to get as intense as the ones I've written, just a few cases where the physically impossible and magic casting can't be reproduced without CGI and shooting the same scene on multiple days so the same guy can cum a dozen times.

But on the other hand, Japan promotes hentai.

There's no real boundary stopping women from reaching physical beauty in any country. There's just a matter of which women would actually want to. The same can be said about sexual fantasy.

It's actually not a matter of, I can do it, but should I? It's more a matter of, do I want to? And, how can I get away with hardcore intercourse without unassailable consequences?

As things stand, I feel something trickle out of the tip of my dick when I get ready to take a piss. With that much pressure to get laid, I may have no interest in making money, but caution is one of the purposes of inhibition. As per usual, if a woman threw herself at me I'd let her take it.

--

I have a hard time telling if signals are intentional. It may be because in the past I've tried being direct about it and there's a hundred percent rate where the other person denies it.