I want to make the intro scene 1 chosen one look naiive and fall in love with the women but the hustle is too fast for him.


I am trying to make the characters appear real enough, but it sounds like I didn't invest enough into that aspect. 

I originally made no effort to narrate how the scenes were connected to the plot in the intro. I think I need to explain this in the story now. The tome is in the present, but it's connecting the past, and scene 2 deliberately explains that fantasy is becoming reality. So, maybe I should explain what the tome is. 

👍 The sex scenes become longer and more intimate later, but I could try doing more with the first chapter.
I understand the roller coaster design for story progression but I tend to write the scenes more like a water slide ending with a crash into pool to make a huge splash.

"Plot and sex is a bit fast"


maybe: ditch random women from previous chapters to explore dread more

ch9
the tome allows them to cast magic so bring it up more than once in a chapter


"they do it and he wakes up" is a dream of some kind. I can narrate to the the audience per usual. Then I also have to explain the character doesn't remember the experience in full.

16-20
the scenes need to be connected so there's a theme running through them that I can compare against the plot and the usual "make it longer"

ch10
explaining the choice in long-monologue/dialogue is possible

Including a geographic label like French was a mixup

scene 14 hyphen to avoid repetition can be made more obvious

[Sounds like I need to explain the monologues style and the hyphenating better. Scene 14 hyphens would segway into an almost exact repeat of scene 4 from his pov, only written, so I skipped it.
I can explain things like this to the audience.]


ch11
It's possble scene 23 and 24 interfere, she 



OVERALL NARRATIVE EFFECTIVE CHANGE
the narrator should be exploring details that the characters don't retain

"They do it and he wakes up"  implies it didn't happen, and he forgot, which is a problem for some people who can't remember their dreams, and some people can't remember what happened a minute before they fell asleep or after they woke up.

The story is going to be completely fucked up but I'm going to do it.