

I'll come clean. The only part of the following that would happen is the woman shows up at my house. We could have a long discussion about what if I knocked her unconscious. What if she got raped in jail. She can admit that she thinks she's a loser. The only thing I'd hit her with are my lips and maybe the tip of my cock.

(Saruei, I was just saying... she. Ok. Well. That happened. She recommended a man uses a woman's insecurities against her. Getting deplatformed and thinking you aren't beautiful. Women like that have a lot of problems.)

cosplayers can't deal with reality. They're fucking losers.

Worst kind of woman I've ever seen have big lips.

This DSL girl on twitters looks like a total slut. She wears clothes to look like anime girls. She's living in a non-existant world. She doesn't care about anyone.

Women like her piss me off. She pretends to be japanesee. She's drssed like an underage girl. 

Not to mention, she's so thin it's impossible. How's her ass so big? This bitch has won the lottery of genetics. It's like she could use a cheerio as a hula-hoop but she couldn't ride on the bus without taking up two seats.

Sex sells. The fricking morality of the internet is degrading so much she must suck a dozen dicks in a day while wearing costumes like this thing with red hair. She looks like a witch I want to drown this bitch.

She's spreading her ass on camera and telling people to pay money. She's a prostittue. She sucks dick. She appropriates Japanese culture, and she spread her legs for millions of strangers. Fucking waste of life.

Twitter's policies. I don't understand why her account isn't banned. She should be harassed and thrown out but she just sticks around getting free advertisement and making money like the whore she is. She's a total fake, the only thing real about her is her slut attitude.

She wears so much makeup she looks like a clown. She looks like she's turning into an animal her eyes aren't shaped normally. Nobody's lips look like that. She's impossible. I'd probably slap the hoe if I ever saw her for real.

If I don't kill her first she'll beg to suck my dick that's it I had enough Goodby slut. This is where she dies. I don't want to see her. Forget it. She's gone.

---

This bitch on twitter looks like horse slut. She'd suck off guys for quarters if it wasn't for the internet backing her. I used my power to get her deplatformed and I think it worked. But, she showed up at my door.


"Who are you? How'd you get here?" I asked the stranger.

She took off her shirt and I knew instantly. She looked completely different without the makeup on. "Alright," I threatened. "You better get the fuck out of my face! Get out of here!" But she just wouldn't listen so I grabbed something and hit her over the head knocking her unconscious.

---

It's been two weeks. Nobody pressed charges. I saw her Twitter account got suspended.


I was out for a walk and a car pulled up. The side door slid open.

"Get in!" someone inside said. A woman? Holy fuck it's her.

"No," I tell her. "Leave me alone. Don't you have enough problems now that you can't be a Twitter whore?"
The van pulled in front of me and she gets out dressed like it was a fricking fashion show. "You are a crazy bitch." She didn't seem to mind that at all.

"This is a public road. That means if you hit me now, you're not standing your ground," she said.

Whatever. I ran away. She couldn't get back in and chase me so I reached the main road where everyone would see.

I got on twitter and complained but nobody would listen.

'I swear it's her she's after me because I used my power...' Yeah nobody cared.

And then I saw a video. She was talking to the camera. It was like a high-def movie set. She was confessing to doing things, wanting more, and abusing her fans emotionally. Then she let a group of men gangbang her on camera. She's disgusting. She's a pig. What a bitch.

She tried robbing a convenience store and she was shot. It was all over the news.

She got raped in the hospital.

She was killed in prison. Although little evidence was released.

---

I got a letter in the mail. It was a picture of her with a message, "Your will is done."

But... I'd never. I'd never hurt a woman. She deserved what she got. Whoever sent this I'm going to fucking kill you.

Holy fuck.