--1--

"So who's here. I'm getting impatient for the game to start."

A woman speaks. She's wearing a sweater. Her eyes gleam from deep within.

"Besides me, I think I heard Cindy was coming."

A lithe figure, voice affectionate.

"Is she coming with anyone? I thought it'd just be us."

Pause. Then the women keeps talking.

"So how did you meet Cindy? Why are you making that face?"

"Nothing. Did you bring the deck?" In a whisper now, the small woman leans and cups her mouth, "The one we fixed, with you-know-what?"

A woman walks in and removes her coat.

"So, you have three arms. How come I never noticed?"

The woman replies, "You couldn't. I glammed it with perception.".

She takes up some house cards and does three handed shuffle. Then she splays out the entire deck.

"Pick a card."

"It must be nice holding cards with three hands."

"No thanks. We're using this deck."

An exotic woman comes over.

"Oh. I was expecting someone else."

"What do you mean?" she replies, "Don't you recognize me?"

No. All she does is mouth the word looks at the others who also shrug.

"I'm a little tougher now but I'm still yours, right?"

They're in a public bar. With all the women arriving, the half-men, and the demons take interest.

"We're here to play a game. Enjoy the show." Then to the others, "Bunch of lookie looks."

A succubus comes over, she's wearing a scarf covering her bust, "Would you like some tea, coffee, or house brew."

"House brew." says the exotic pinching her lips closed when she began to smile with her teeth, which were incredibly white.

"Oh now I remember. It's been a while."

"We spoke on the phone last week. I'm telling you, the clothing based on your image is maybe the best."

"Well I can't imagine having that thing on me."

"I'm sorry. It makes quite a first impression."

A woman with a distinct tie, and figure...

"Please stop staring."

She picks up cards.

"Ok. I guess everyone's here. Let's..."

Two approach from the onlookers.

"Can we join?"


--2--

There were a couple of women discussing over a deck of cards.

*Deactivate conservation mode*

They're easier to hear. And more women are entering their group.

They feel powerful.

The shortest one seems to hop, and hovers down like a balloon.

I should try to get in.

"Hey kitten. Want to while these young women with me? They look fun."

"My piglets are watching, you think I'll say no?"

The succubus quickly hurries over, "Don't start anything. We've been so good recently. I'm doing everything you suggested."

"Don't worry." I say, "It's those women that have me troubled." Shit that was hypocritical. I start trying to think.

"Oh. Oh that's ok then. Go ahead."

"Don't just say go like that. It's going to make me feel funny."

Good thing I have my my settings in the green.

"Can we join?"

"I'm Shay and this is my kitten."

"I'm not 'your' kitten. We're friends and you're paying for anything I buy."

"Like I said, she's my kitten."

They play a hand of poker.

"The house always wins."

Kitten loosens her shirt. There's some oinks of approval.

"You're a cute dealer. Try dealing with this."

I stop her hand.

The woman with a very large rack is blushing. The other two look equally happy that they lost.

"Hey Glitter! I think her cards are rigged."

"Glitter!" She waves her arms, "I need a detect magic spell on this table."

There's a sharp zap, and the the dealer throws the deck to the side.

"So it's not just your hands, you're pretty quick."

"Yes. So are you. How'd you avoid being caught?"

I look into her deeply luminescent iris and allow my own left eye to go through extra lens cycles, the result changes the color and redilates it ever three seconds.

"Your name is Shay?"

"That's right."

--3--

What a scary woman we let play.

I go to the bar.

"Can I get a fruit salad?"

Her movement has become imperceptible and silent. But I still sense best girl at my side.

"Something with four hundred calories I can eat quickly. I missed supper."

"Did you miss every other meal this week too? I swear I told everyone to gain some weight."

They're handed snacks and return to play.

"Go fish."

"Ok stop this childish game. Let's try strip poker."

"You just tried to get us all to play strip poker. And if you didn't notice, we're surrounded in this safe public bar four to one by the uncontested forces of the world we got started."

She stops and smiles at the men right behind her, she smooths out her skirt. They smile back. Cute for a demi couple. One had a bit of a drawn face, a wolf. Oh the other was actually a woman with a very shapely face, I'll keep an eye on her.

"I'm worried. Are we doing the right thing?"

I look closely at her.

"I'm so worried about what's going to happen if we keep going."

Maybe this isn't the place.

"This isn't the right place to ask. In front of strangers."


--4--

There's a blonde holding a scabbard. She's swinging it.

Three more swings.

Repeat.

Three more swings.

I wish I could be with the others, but there's no telling what he'll do. I don't know what they will do if he tries to get to them.

Repeat.

Just give me the strength when I need it.

No. You must take the bared blade. You must be ready.

Three more swings.

--5--

A busty girl is at a beach drinking from her wine glass. She's with a man.

"You look hot. Can I cool you off with some more ice?"

The girl's thick lips curl up and she shakes her head, "You've never cooled off in your life. You will melt the ice like that. Use the scoop."

--6--

There's a man in showy suit.

"You summon me."

There's another man and his entourage. They're meeting in open blaze in the demonic void.

"You were sent to prevent human resistance. I've received poor reports recently."

"I was told our mercenaries would never sell our souls. But now you tell me, that engaging humans for more power will help us unite."

The man shakes his head and points his finger. The entourage step away.

"Where did you get so much power!?"

"It's something you'll never have. I'm taking over. Who's trying to harm the humans?"

--7--

The girls in this club have grown old. It's time I let them know.

"We've all wanted this. We're exactly what we wanted to be. There's nothing else to say."

--8--

A girl walks in and places a box on the table, then pulls out a large map. She throws a die and it lands.

"What is that! What did you just do!"

"Hey I brought this D&D set so we could play a late night campaign."

The one yelling grows red, the runes glow pink and her eyes have a look of extreme anger. 

Her partner whispers, "Look see. Don't get angry, she's new."

Natural twenty, now they had to play.

...

Someone playing a centaur spider speaks up, "I cast a charm spell on you. I have three thumbs. You know what what's like."

The woman she refers to rolls a die, the runes on her bare arm flicker rather than the usual pulse.

"I overpower your centaur's charm, and tell him: Try that again and you'll have one less thumb you cheat."

"I thought Aarakocra slept around. Ok I'll try it on robot girl. Yuan-Ti aren't immune."

Someone in the audience, "Can I help, next encounter?"

The runed woman says, "I think we should go to a town without guards and remain in one place playing cards until the dungeon master quits."

Said Dungeon Master, "A portal rips open and out steps the army of Nargasoth, headed by nameless dragons and the beholder Ingiso. They're over fifteen hundred men strong. Bearing his black staff a King of Demons is there, and he speaks".

She whispers into the audience member's ear.

"Hi we could really use some rations for our army."

"The King of Demons speaks."

She whispers into his ear again.

He nods dumbfounded and very slowly speaks, "My army requires entertainment, we've been without conquest for thirty years." Then he turns to look at the Dungeon Master, "What is conquest?"

Anonymous speaker, "When the demon realm entered the human realm."

The Dungeon Master suggests, "You take on an army with six, or do whatever they ask?".

Someone in the audience, "I love this kind of bonding."

Another woman in audience, "Fifty-eight... that's not nearly enough."

Dungeon Master, "Please don't count or try to speak if you're in character or one of the players at the table."

--9--

Two women meet outside an apartment building.

One puts her hand on the other gently, then hands a thick book with black and ivory covers over.

She removes her outer clothing. Then she takes off in flight just as darkness begins to billow out.

The other woman opens the book for a moment, then very gingerly she puts it in her coat. She rubs her eyes.

"Beautiful." I say, when I see her face.

I thought I sensed them here. But these are not the ones I seek.
