FIRST IMPRESSION
On your way up the "giant tree" you'll find your first signs of humanoid life right here.  The first district which accommodates a regimented lifestyle similar to earth dwelling humans. There are also rustic terrains which animals dwell.

Here the landscaping closely resembles the rustic architecture down on the ground. Humanoids and animals are regular, wilderness is just another person's home here. You won't have to travel more than one mile without someone or something offering you a ride, so you can get off your feet.

There are also fantastical sights, the creatures, vegetation, fresh water, and air.  You'll find it immediately favorable to the dangers of the outside world. 

Imagine a field of exotic grasses, a few plants nestled and the foliage is swept into neat piles. Small outlets of delicious fruits and vegetables in pots are dug into the ground like watering holes.

The animals rest in the tall grass, the weather is warm with a mild soothing breeze year round.  You could lie down with an animal companion who will rest next to or even on you. I hope you aren't afraid of fur.


POPULATION AND LIVABILITY
The city remains well populated, seeming to ignore the jungle paradise below. Housing is built directly into the infrastructure, it goes up to three stories tall. At the top of some buildings is an interior wall which supports a higher substructure, each wall has its own large balcony, a railing, or a window favoring feathers.

There are numerous alcoves and plant pots containing indoor gardens are completely self-sustained without watering or replacing the soil. The edible plants there regrow within a few minutes to a few hours depending on the season. These nature buffets sustain most of the life here, seeing how some are also present indoors.

There are approximately eighteen individual sections of this district with varying architecture. There are only a few stone structures, such as pumps and statues.  There are fewer clearcut wooden sections. Trimmed parts of the natural structure have healed completely to form paths and remain gritted so they won't be too smooth to walk on.

Both the central city, with the houses built into cliff sides, and the three story wooden houses resemble the outdoors tradition of making use of the landscape, and only going so far above the solid ground.

WILDLIFE
The animals here behave and live similar to those on the surface. Some are familiars connected with the humanoids, and still manage to live outside, free of danger.

A few animals remain wary of others, territorial with intelligent design to track intruders, so it may be difficult to walk around without being noticed.

NATURAL RESOURCES
The sap from the lower floor flows into the central region here. The nutrient supplies from the veins grant nearly boundless energy. The plants grow very fast and have evolved with softer skin, to prevent cracking.

It can be seen by the inhabitants here that the resources are in constant use.


TOURISM
Not nearly as exotic as the first floor, but still quite rustic compared to other districts. Some animals visit this area from below for a short while to see how magical life is up the tree.

The upper floor residents visit to observe a simpler life closer to the surface.

It is believed that this is the most relaxing place for humanoids to live in, so it's a popular vacation place. It is the most suitable introductory district for mixing humans and animals born from either upper or lower side.

There are also industrial regions near the core and those which are guarded lock and key for citizen safety.

RESEARCH

The discoveries that took place here are long over. The great seeds of this tree no longer present themselves. Very high floor dwellers revisit this location to gain a better understanding of the surface, and efforts are constant to prevent any one district from ignoring the culture of nature they grow on.