Nothing short of a miracle took place here. 

After centuries of living in district one the angels began digging out alcoves, wishing to reach higher so their flight could be useful. They continued to find new seedlings which the great tree they lived spawned in hidden locations.  

A sapling was cultivated which boasted the strength of its gargantuan ancestor, the giant tree they dwelt upon. An indestructible outer layer, a lively untameable trunk, and roots that gripped like claws. To centralize the seed as the great tree's extension was the solitary goal.

The surrounding land was too serene to spoil so they risked their own home.

They planted it in the substance at the center of the great tree's earth and it grew with incredible speed.  With fervent passion the ones who wished to unchain the sky disassembled the central regions of district two where most of their population slept, breaking the second district into a ring shape surrounding a giant adamant-wooden spiralling tree in the center. It was there, just above the ring formed by the new Two that a vast untamed wilderness sprung.

The tree itself took on a mushrooming spiral shape which spanned beyond one's vision, not so unlike the inside of the great tree. The bedrock white wood just before the chasm below marked the safest lower positions. Near its own center, a red sap which was so full of energy it formed as a defensive barrier.

Safety nets were erected as vines, and many holes were cut to reach up, never down. The builders patched the dangerous areas, and then safeguarded them with more nets and guardian overseers, a respected job for anyone seeking great responsibility.

The power of the tree's nutrient rich ground was immeasurable.  The angels knew they could live forever and multiply endlessly if they wished. However, none of district three's now native plants mutated for nearly half a century. The skin of an apple would split and the insides expel to the ground bursting into leviathans of great plaguing trees, it took some time for safety measures, to avoid over-saturation of plant life.  During this time, and due to unavoidable accidents and experimentation, the ground became dead plants, and then soil which was not pure, but soft, and still quite rich in nutrients for the plants.  The remaining roots acted as a ballast for the soil their dead trees produced, and allowed heavy object to be built up.

The sap of the tree itself became well known for miraculous properties, and a combustible fuel for a brief while.

From this second tree section, many others followed. The tree's seedlings were discovered, more districts would grow. The surrounding area became enriched rather than eroded. The tree was wellspring of life for the small forests surrounding it, which soon grew in large, boisterous folds that made it hard to navigate, and later they would abandon the lowest regions of the ancestor trees.

It was here that the animals began to communicate. They even helped by eating overgrown plants.

It was here that the angels began to ascend rapidly.  Each tree was like a new world to explore, and with new wonders to gift them.

It was here that everything seemed to begin.  The livelihood, the serene community, the sense of achievement.

The wellspring gave them something perpetual, and godlike to believe in. It was a child of the tree at the bottom, but that first tree remained a source, always healing those above it, always providing new seeds.

To this day, greater seeds are cultivated, and still not fully understood. But without them there is no new material that could support the current method of reaching higher the angels rely upon.