
--1--


We begin in a room full of chanting and ever so soft whispers. The air feels humid, and smells of salt, and stale perfume. Rugs and woven ornaments adorn the walls, along with many wax candles. Other than the flames that burn, there is no visible light. The bodies amassed in the room emit a sweltering heat.

A congregation of women stand abreast facing a wall, with their heads leaning forward, and their gazes dropped low. Their lower halves are nude, their upper halves are draped in fine silk from their shoulders to below their breasts. Their faces and extremities are adorned in ornate piercings. They each hold something in their hands, cupped together. A few of them shiver feverishly as though drugged.

Exactly twelve women stand forming a circle around a pentagram chanting. They wear red robes with their naked midsections exposed, a hood overshadowing the eyes. They hold candles which light up their chests and warm their bodies.

A young woman in the middle is bent forward with head to knee, completely nude but for her hair that is trimmed short and tied up. She is seductively chained to a board laid on the floor, her ass is up in the air, her knees are spread wide enough apart to reveal a trimmed womanhood. She has a bit between her teeth, and several lash marks reddening her upper back. Two other women are alike, spread into a circle, with their heads facing the outer circle.


--2--

A haze forms in the middle of the circle, and a man appears before them. The chanting is interrupted by a startled weak cry. The haze grows thicker and then a black oval figure forms in the center of the room. Each witch there sees it as the same, a vertically standing ovular marker, a perfect absence of light.

From the issuance of negative energy a figure steps forth. Then the negative light vanishes, with only a bit of chalky white mist, and a man remaining. 

--3--

A man, upon entering through the portal, sees a woman in chains. He also sees figures looming around them both and can determine they are all female. He senses they are all frightened upon his arrival. He is a man. He knew it was so.

He felt very excited and very powerful, and he wished to display his power.

He stepped forwards astride one of the naked women. Her sandy blonde hair is on the floor, her neck exposed. A bony back and generous rear are all just in reach of him. He had to get down on one knee to reach the bonds.

When he did so they groaned like an old car door, then BANG! The pins broke and her wrist was freed. POP! She was released from all her bonds.  In mere moments. All three women were set free with his quickened deft motions.

Having shown off sufficient physical power, he thought it was time he reassured them of his benevolent nature with a few words in their native tongue. "My ladies," His voice was strangely deep, like a rumbling earthquake, but soft like an ocean breeze, "I have answered your call. It was trivial for me to break the bondage of these tortured souls. I will have you escape with me from these wretched confining walls that bond all of us still." He said this while looking about the room. It was amazing to him that he understood these words, but only in a moment's insight he understood he was absorbing knowledge from everyone around him. "It was fortunate that you were to call upon me, and not some..."

--4--

"Master Satan!" Cries one of the acolytes facing the wall. She catches herself before saying more, but her heart races on at her mistake.

The man was beside her, the circle of witches remained unbroken. "Who?" spoke the man.

The women surrounding him at first were mesmerised at the sudden disappearance. Then hearing a shocked whimper from behind them they turned. 

She did not dare turn her head, so he compelled her to turn it and face him. He puts a hand under her chin and she closes her eyes as he reads her mind. "Lucifer, the fallen angel. This is the man we summon."

It was a bit like reading a book at first, but he began to absorb more, and the energy went out of the girl's legs. She slumped against the wall, her small breasts squishing seductively and then rebounding as she stumbled away.

From the unexpected movement he lost concentration, and the man grabs her by the waist forcing her against him. She is soft and pleasant and this forceful act makes him all the more excited. His attention breaks momentarily as a painful sharp sensation erupts from outside his gaze, but on his person. For some reason he can't read her mind now, and he steps back, only loosening his grip enough to roll her head away. It is alright, because he learned enough. 

--5--

The women here were called witches by outsiders, and sometimes by each other during profane indignity. Or was that "Bitch."

He thought to himself.

This was like a game to them, and one they were quite fond of. The coven extended its reach beyond time, and space, and this granted them the power to summon a creature such as he who existed outside their realm. The ancient words they chanted in ceremony gave them the cohesion, but this "Satan" they spoke of, was not him.

So what? They thought he was Satan, and they thought he would make love to each of them, and so he was made in this image.

He understands... something about this bonding them, and such nonsense. But then, most of everything they did to create this existence he felt is made up. Humankind.

In his realm there is a power of the spirit, of essence, which fueled his existence and powers, along with the rest of his "Otherkind." Now that he was on this plane of existence he must follow the rules provided for him.

They thought he should be an overpowering, mischievous, dark being, and they created him in the combined imaged of their perfect mate. But, does that mean he was at the mercy of human desire? According to this game they played, he was the one to bestow chaos and set them free.  That was his first impulse, and he played right into it. But the game would end too soon for him if he fulfilled their desires now. He could sense his energy fading.

--6--

His attention came back to the present, and he thought maybe he hadn't moved for several minutes. But it was apparent everyone awaited his next enactment. Something he should do with his dick? And with this... beautiful cunt?

"No," he told himself. "Just one drop of my essence in these women and they'll realise I'm not what or even who they believe me to be, and then I'll be banished forever."

It was his turn to play along.

"Obey me." he says aloud in a stern cold voice so not to betray himself. "You have called upon me. I grant you one chance." He says this while lifting up a single finger, a customary victory pose, but this illustrated his point to them. "Obey me now as you have always, and for that I will grant you immortality, greatness, and pleasure beyond your current comprehension."

This was such an amazing claim, it was exactly what everyone wanted.  He could sense then everyone thought about their greatest wish, and the thought of such a powerful... man... being as this, granting it to them.

They mistook it for a promise. Although no promise was made. They thought of it as a slightly different promise to each one of them. Although he said it outwardly, and spoke no names. It was laughable, but he felt it was a worthy challenge.

He took on a composure that seemed suited to make them satisfied then. Smiling openly, with his perfect new teeth in view, flexing his legs to stand up straight, and he carefully looked around at them all.

They breathed in gasps, and elated woops came out, and relief overflowed everlasting like sweat forming on the dewy white speckles of their young teenage breasts.

"Will she be your first?" Said a woman from the circle.

In a moment it dawned on him, he was still holding onto this one. They were both completely naked. Her exposed sex, and his, so close together. He held her firmly and more passionately, then looked at her for a moment, just a moment, for everyone to see. He raised his left hand with his right arm holding her close, he brushed her hair back. She looked drugged, and manic, her eyes darted to meet his and then looked elsewhere. Away? To his chest? Rolling back? Without focus? "Orgasm. She's orgasming on her own. I haven't done a thing." He felt his erection becoming more burdensome. He took in the closeup view of her face and chest greedily by instinct.

She wears makeup. Her skin is tanned with a slightly unnatural hue about it. Her eyes have a sharp creased look, still their continuous darting and listing make them wilder and she sometimes stretches them wide. Her hair is smoothed back and falls out of view from gravity, upon her crown is a thin ornate gold chain. Her ears are pierced, with multiple rings hanging from them. Her nipples are pierced, and hard. She has small breasts, and the skin tone is a pink gradient tint where her light ring of areolae stick out, also hard and white enough to be seen.

After taking in the view, the unknown man placed her down gently. He steeled his mind now, he would either forfeit his existence for a moment of pleasure, or take his place as their "Devil" to be worshipped.

--7--

"No." He proclaimed loudly, away from the limp body of the sister. "Who speaks?"

"I am Celes, and I humbly offer to retain position as your holy emissary." The one who spoke stepped through the ring, breaking it for the first time after ten hours. The three women who were bent over in chains now rested on their sides, their knees bruised, and their energy gone. But despite this, the woman who came forward behaved cold, privileged, and aloof.

The man was silent for too long. So she went on. "We are a devout sisterhood"-

"Yes, I know everything about your coven." He reacted to this in an instant, "I wanted to know who you were, but I can see you are all as one." He let this slip, but stopped himself for a moment. "Make a record of what I'm about to say."

Celes nodded, this was like witnessing the first great achievement ever known. The true birth of their coven. She would never forget this moment, this entire day. She would write it all down, everything he commanded.


"I have a task for all of you, and in good time you will perform your duty. From this point onwards, if you join the coven, you are in it for life. You must never harm anyone among our ranks for power, for no good will come of it. You will carry my power within, which will strengthen us all." He went silent then. The rules were so clear, and his words were set in everyone's mind as if they were set in stone.

--8--

Following the announcement of Satan's three eternal rules, the women of the coven bowed to him, including those who had to get back on badly bruised knees. Satan strode along touching each of them for a moment, and then he sat down on a small bench next to a covered window, still stark naked, not a hint of desire to cover up or ravage the beauties before him.

"I also must know, why this dreary dump was chosen for the ritual." He said this while reaching up and ripping down the cover for the window. Daylight entered the candle lit room. "We should go outside, I can tell you need it." Indeed he could. Some of the acolytes were choking halfway through the ceremony, their concoctions and tinctures roiled and burned their noses. The candles and incense displacing oxygen, everyone felt tired too early. He thought maybe they were still slaves, by their own choice

He went outside before anyone else, and the cool air filled his chest. He felt truly alive. He was now "The Devil" by name, and self appointed leader of the sisterhood. Now they had some work to do for him.



