

--1--

Celes orchestrated the entire event. Gathering together the witches with the right character was not exactly easy, they had to be dedicated and ready to sacrifice their souls. Luckily, finding such talents was her own special ability.

Celes Poker is 16 and a sophomore in highschool. She passes all her classes with flying colors. She works the other students to learn all she can about her possible future after school is over. She even manages to spend time with teachers. 

It was only natural for her to seek excitement. She could talk to any of the girls in her grade, her popularity skyrocketed in her first year. While a few after school clubs she joined were fine, she didn't stop until she found the most exclusive, he most influential, and became its leader. So then she found out about this, and within a month she proved she had the right stuff.  The best part was the lack of rules, she could practically tell them to do anything.

This led to a few pranks and expulsions in the past. She had girls dye their own hair and dress up more scandalous.  It was easy to play with the teachers by having all the students change their attitude at once. She herself remained upstanding and pristine, in order to remove suspicion.

Now, although she was leader in group spirit, there was a higher power she had, and she found herself at his disposal, not the way she was used to.

--2--

This man, they had finally fit robes around him before gathering outside. After some deliberation Celes was allowed to speak to him freely, which made communication much simpler.

The fact was, he embodied a dream they all shared, and never believed would be reality. Satan on earth, here and now, leading them. The idea he would consume their souls after death seemed a much less frightening idea.

--3--

The plan was simple. The Devil did not need servants, they offered themselves to him by their own free will. All he needed to do was tell them what it meant to be a vessel.

It was much simpler for them. He actually had to sacrifice some of his power, and without showing weakness. Afterall, he was timeless, omnipotent.

"Come forward, first vessel of light." He was coming up with these lines as he went along. "I will bestow on thee the first gift." A girl walks closer to him. She wasn't a part of the inner circle during the ritual. Some of the witches felt annoyed that the first was an oddball youngster, but they would never speak up about it.

She was one of the girls against the wall, a lucky one who got picked to hold a feather in a jar, but she thought maybe this was a game. He was pretty good looking. She blushes. 

"Kneel." The Devil places his hands on her shoulders. "Speak thy name."

"Samantha."

"There is a second name is there not?"

"Samantha Flocker." He makes a gesture with his head as though this was enough. With this, she was made to stand up, and walk to the side, there was another.

"Come forward, second vessel of light. Kneel. Speak thy name." It was the same speech as before with a different woman.

There was a physical distinction between the two females, the previous lacked grace or the physical proportions to be recognised as an adult. This woman was, despite her destitute state and lack of adornment, fully sexed.

Her eyes are dull and look green simply because the grass reflected in them. Her lips appear thin and pale. Her cheeks appear shallow from dehydration. Her hair is sandy blonde. Her shoulders are raised up tensely making her look even narrower. Despite this her breasts are well formed C-cups and spread outward to the sides, the nipples are a bit darker. Her hips flare out right below the waist enough that her bottom looks considerably thicker. Her chest and back are bony, suggesting she had just hit a growth spurt and not filled in completely. Her butt seamlessly cups around the thick of her down to her legs. She has average calf muscles for a woman who doesn't wear heels.


--4--

"Layla," she hesitated a moment, until now they only went by first names outside of normal life, "Flannery."

Layla had sad heavy eyelids, she wore no makeup for the event, and her exhaustion from the ordeal shows on her face.

Today's events were a burden on her physically and mentally. Layla's efforts to become a sacrifice had succeeded, and yet she felt like a complete failure. Just to be clear, they believed the sacrifice would not survive. Her life was miserable, and now she was losing control of it again.

She feels him touch her shoulders and then release. Then she is gestured by the man to move aside, in the same manner as the first.

The man began to talk, he seemed to be repeating himself slightly each phrase. Something about the vessels. Their new found power.

An image of a boy at school forms in Layla's mind. She can't get it out of her head. She's familiar with this one, but she is in no mood for such thoughts. 

And then she was, she started to enjoy. She felt herself becoming receptive, and caught herself breathing oddly hard multiple times. The exhaustion from not long ago passed after several minutes, and not only that, but she took on a queer happy feeling.

She is in love and she knows it.

--5--

All other women remain in their garments for the summoning ceremony. In the natural lighting their bare skin shines with glistening sweat. Their multicolored skin tones take a lighter blue hue from the sky.  The grass around them pads their naked feet. They stand close enough together to watch as Satan rests on a chair and performs rites on two "vessels" which he picked, disregarding ranks.

From the view of the crowd, there is very little to it. The women kneel down, and they are touched, then it's over. The sisters fixate the entire time on Satan. Nothing besides that one touch, and very mundane words and a sharing of names.

"Did everyone see? That was beautiful." Exclaimed Celes, eager to approve of it all.

A clamor echoes through the menge. This quickly becomes unintentional squeals and happy laughter.

"Look! Look at Samantha!" Pointed out one of the acolytes, her jewelry jingling as she giddily hops to and fro.

A few people at first turn to look at Samantha, then everyone else does. All but Lucifer, who remains still with his eyes closed.

You could tell by her boyish figure she isn't quite as grown up looking as Layla. Her hair is brown, her eyes as well. She still has energy, it seemed she has a lot of energy. She was beaming.

She continues to smile and opens her arms, then raises them above her.  She removes the light garments from her shoulders. The light dances across her body more easily. She is dancing now, she spins, almost overjoyed.

Celes bit her lip. She had a strange thought, this girl she found was perfect. She was proud. She made this happen and she felt happy while watching it.

"Layla too! Look!"
