

--8--

Several days pass.

Layla wakes up in her bed.

Over the past few days she thought about all the happy coincidences in her life, each one was like a small chapter in a fairytale now long past. The past two days were the best in her life.

She thought about the fun she had and rubbed her bruised elbows. They didn't feel bruised anymore and the blemish was fading rapidly. Her body felt light and limber. Today is also going to be the best day of her life.

She has a promise to keep to her coven now.

The thought of it got her face hot.  She was to meet with someone she cared for very much and go on a date. The rest of it was entirely up to her, and within moments she already knew it would be Mike the boy who worked part time at a crafts store at the mall.

It was amazing to her how much she already knew about him, and how much time they spent around each other. It was like destiny.

--9--

She opens up her closet and takes out her new clothes. She picked them out for this entire week, including potential special occasions.

There was a special parcel which she bought from a clothing boutique which she hid under her blanket. She put her school clothes over it on the bed. Then, going to her mirror she took out all the things she needed to wear including makeup and small vanities. Right before she was about to put on her underwear she looked at herself in the mirror.

It was amazing, she didn't recognise herself at all. She seemed to be a different person each day, and she had to touch her own face, and look at the fading bruises to be sure.

Her eyes are very clear, and sparkling red amber, she looked absolutely devilish when she squints but innocent as a doe when she widens them. She flexes her eyebrows and winks at herself. She makes faces at herself and can't help laughing, her face was amazingly expressive, like a silent movie actress. Her attention shifts to the rest of her body and slowly lingers down. 

Her nose is the same as usual, it seemed to be the only thing that wouldn't change, along with her hair, and her size.

She sees the pout of her lips. A tight chin. She sees her own slender shoulders. They look less bony than yesterday. She holds them up higher just to see. Two buxom globes are spread out past her armpits, she is startled again, although she saw them for days now. They are only about a 'C' but they've gained a new life of their own recently. She hops and they jiggle. The sudden shock of her lewdness of thought makes her stop and she quickly looks down.

Her hips flare out and she sees a crease of lean muscle on either side surrounding a well fed belly, with a tight innie naval at the center. She is about to look down, and she feels interrupted by an urge to get going.

She quickly puts on her underwear and tries on one hair ornament. It's very odd, but makes her feel slightly characterised.

On her way out of the room she pets her stuffed animals.

--10--

"My 'Big Adventure' is about to begin. When I get to school I'm going to ask Mike. When I get to school I'm going to be my best."

Layla thinks to herself as she goes about her morning routine.

"Math is done. Science is done. Geometry, I can finish in class..."

Layla is going through the desk at her home. She left her last weeks' homework strewn about, and despite more pressing matters, it was no trouble at all for her. Her backpack had just enough room in it for a few books, she had to bring a gym bag along.

"If I don't bring a towel then..." She removes some of he usual items from the full bag, making room. "I don't need a comb or a second stick of deodorant do I?" She puts the newer deodorant tube down on her desk.

She looks at her sister's backpack. Once again, it went untouched for the entire weekend. Maybe if she got her sister in a good mood she'd be more willing to take care of her own chores.

--11--

I walk into the kitchen.

My dad's been sitting at the table reading a newspaper for the past half hour as usual.

"Lala," says Trista, my younger sister. "Lala help me do my homework."

She's always doing this. At the last moment she asks me to do the work, and I have to turn her down.

"No, I told you yesterday I could help, but you never stopped watching that silly show. And stop calling me Lala we're both much too old for that baby talking. Would you like to walk part of the way to school with me this morning?"

Trista makes a pouty sad face an trains it on me briefly before leaning on the kitchen table staring at a cereal box, apparently inert. She seems to be one of the few people who aren't feeling my brand of charm.

I pick up my morning milkshake, it's milk mixed with more cereal basically, and take a swig.

My mom must have set the table early and gone for a power walk.

Dad puts down the newspaper momentarily so to speak clearly "I'm going to leave early."

I give him a smile and nod.

Trista comes back to life and begins mumbling until she finally says it right and then "I like hearing about highschool, why don't you like it Lala?"

I smile at her and then hesitate. The last thing I said to her in this situation... I remember clearly 'Trist the boys, always, you should take care of your body so they'll take care of you or you'll be fat and tired like me.'

"Trist you can find yourself there." I said this in the most positive tone I could muster. "There are people you can meet and make friends with for a long time if you are nice to them." I thought about the new coven when I said this. Maybe I could get my sister into it. But it would be presumptuous so I drank more milk.

Mom enters our kitchen door and she is talking. I think she may be talking to herself until she starts talking directly to me. "Layla I told you not to wear those pants at the table. If you don't put them in the laundry the dirt just starts to build up in them and eventually I have to wash the chairs."

"Mom that's disgusting."

"They're your dirty clothes. -

"You're the only girl I know who wears a separate pair for morning before she showers or goes outside. Who else is like that?"

I smile at her anyway, I can't help it. Typical bitch stuff. But my mind starts to wander. Smelly clothes... Smell. Gym class, everything will smell.

"I have to go get ready!" I say a little jovially and walk back to my room, carrying my backpack on one shoulder.

--12--

I showered last night. I know I would wake up late today, so the danger of going to school smelling rank would be lowered. On my bed lay my school clothes which I placed there this morning.

I remove my morning clothes, and then slip on a fresh new pair of panties. I put on a tight fitting bra and then my school clothes as I designate them. There's a skirt that goes down to right above my knee. There's an undershirt which is white, and the over which is reddish and yellowish, with flowery patterns. I don't think I bought these.

I take the parcel from under my covers and then stuff the contents into a separate gym bag. The gym sweats I usually wear are unflattering, and not suited for the little plan I had in mind.

I also made sure I had my phone and a bottle of water and a bunch of books I read last weekend.  There's no time left so I head to get ready to leave.

--13--

"Layla." Calls mom, "you're going to school early?"

"Yep mom, there's a friend I want to meet up with before the first bell rings." I'm all dressed with my shoes on and I'm almost outside.  My mom caught me right when I was starting to clear my head, but there's no telling what she has in mind.

"Hey could you..." she begins a long speech about chores I could be doing after school. It takes a couple of minutes, before she subsides and looks contentedly at me from the corner of her eye. "Remember you're almost old enough to work a part time job."

"Ok, I know how hard you try to keep this family together mom." I said this quite easily, although I felt generous for saying it it somehow wasn't quite right. She still looked abashed.

"My what a nice daughter I have here." She seemed to be saying this to herself.

I set off to school, one more chore added to my list. I'm not sure how I was going to do the grocery shopping with my bags full. One overstuffed gym bag under my arm, and the typical book bag around and on my shoulders.

--14--

Layla is out in front of the school.

It's a big bla style school made of cement. There's a big parking lot where all the kids stand outside just before the first bell will ring, letting them in.

There's a surplus of grass which is watered daily, even during water conservation days.

There are about three other buildings, which are split off from the schoolyard. Roads which utility vehicles may take are etched into the surrounding areas which lead indirectly to the next building.

Many of the teenagers have already gathered for highschool, and they're wearing their own version of the school's clothing code. There was no end to the number of infractions for some of the girls. Few boys cared much about their own looks. Save for several of the big hits, and almost jock-like boys.

Layla's friends were scattered, and she never spotted one looking at her. Perhaps this was more secretive than she had originally imagined. Then again, such a coven with ritual sacrifices, you'd never imagine this day and age. Some of the girls from the group looked so plain, and others wore makeup like they were going to star in a play.

There are a number of things Layla was trying not to think about. But the lack of influence struck, and she started searching around for Mike.  She doesn't see him, but catches a glimpse of his usual baseball cap and t-shirt as the kids began to crowd even closer together into a clump, wanting to be first where they were going.

The bell rings, and in they go. She also pushes her way in carefully.