"Mmmh..mmah" she gasped, and audible popping sound emanated when the suction between their lips ended.

He reaches into her  underwear and stroked her butt cheek, "Ya-wwooo."  She yelps as her desires raised, and so did his.

Standing up from the chair he pulls off her underwear, then he sits back down.  She pulls down his pants, revealing his manhood. She turns with her butt facing him and she sits on it. He immediately flexes his abs anticipating that it would be thrust into her. 

Her back flexes rhythmically out of control from the sheer sensation. A heartbeat she's never felt pulsates strongly between her red overflowing lips. She reaches down to feel her swollen clit, she can see it clear as day at a glance. 

The semen she sees there lubricates and irritates her. The heartbeat continues, it is a steady unearthly power that threatens to course through her, erasing her very existence.

Her head tilts back and she wishes to beg for more.  What she sees as she peers into the eyes of her lover is not a man, but a figure of ruby and ash.

Tears overflow her lids, her breasts swell and spring to life out of shock, her hair stands on end in a moment of feral panic. She is now aware of firm large hands gripping her ass, spreading her, it tickles.

All remains still, except that heartbeat. It fills her. She thinks she'll scream, each breath she takes is a choked panic. She thinks: 'I look foolish to this man. I put him in me. Why doesn't he stop this? I feel so hot. Cum, it was cum, he's cumming.' 

"Nnigh- iii", sounding a bit like a slutty horse, she then squeals and twists her hips, belligerent. The response she gets are involuntary, hard thrusts, and shivering from her mate that sends spikes of electricity, making her yelp again and shake.

She shimmies a bit and the lick of flames runs up from her toes to her breasts. Because each movement sends another shocking sensation, she can't seem to control her next move and it repeats.

She thrusts her finger back against her clit. That makes her grunt and groan, drooling, leaving trails of saliva running down her chin.

Her body rocks again as she reaches orgasm. She hears a sound of beating drums in her ears and feels a hot sensation on her face.

His hands have moved now, actually. Since the very first thrust, he wanted to bear into her more than physically possible. Once he felt her ass cheeks he couldn't let go, but he had gradually leaned back forcing her weight onto him, successfully raising her feet off the floor.

He lifts her legs up and presses her back against his chest. He feels her legs, gripping her down so she won't jump out of his lap. When they locked eyes not a moment ago it looked like she was going to run.  Any moment she'll be full. He can't let this sensation go. He can't let her go.

He greedily plants himself deep, seeing her composure diminish every moment. She overflows, and more spittle she fails to wipe drops to her breasts. He pants from exhaustion, and loses all tension.

Now that she is full, it gushes out and she cries out with tear filled eyes wishing she could hold more. More so, the sensation of a heartbeat is numb, and with its loss each moment is numb. The final torrent that flows is from her eyes and her womb. She shoves her hard nipples against his hands, where they were a moment ago.

She seemed to slip out of his grasp for a moment, and it is replaced by jewels and a new view of her beauty. But after not a few seconds, she smirks and her face is buried in his lap. Her mouth wraps around his sore penis and rough but cool whips lash at him.

The warmth between them is almost unbearable. It slowly cools off as the sperm and sweat evaporates.

Then they go have iced cream sundaes at a restaurant. The whipped cream tasted a bit stale, but the two lovers couldn't stop giggling and fondling under the table, trying to give pleasure and kissing when no one watched. So the stale taste went unnoticed and the waitress got a huge tip.