exp or item related bounties

programs for npc recruitment and goodwill

special skills are reserved for a first come first serve basis

***SOCIAL STRUCTURE & MATING
beasts and human/mythical creatures are equal in rights and can procreate with one another through force or consent in all regions of the world.  However it's less likely a civil creature will force as it is unlikely a dangerous creature would try to negotiate.

animals (mammal lizard aviary), aquatic animals, temporary summons, tentacle monsters, wild plant growth, are not allowed to engage with beasts and humans/mythical creatures without being considered hostile or tame to whomever they are engaging. It is not a question of sentience, only if they can breed together, animals are always locked at neutral or tame status in civillian zones. Animals and plants need pheremones to desire sex instead of running, while monsters will quite possibly seek nothing but.  Conjur summons are bound quite strictly and share interests with their summoner. Summoned spirits tend to escape rather quickly at half health or they go berserk.

***SKILL STATUS
Humans are average in nearly all aspects but they retain the foothold of greatest population growth and fasion sense overall which allows for variations in charisma and versatility in job application, clothing and armor of many types suit them. It is stressed that humans are educated and learn to take care of themselves at a very early age in this world. Humans are considered beautiful and fragile on par.

Beasts occasionally but not always will maintain outstanding abilities from whatever they closely resemble. There is a very low job acceptance for beasts of certain types, the masters of craft have their reasons. There's always an open spot in someone's party roster for a powerful beast. Beasts are often very difficult to differentiate one or the other through appearance, but through trial and error they have adapted to human methods of enhancing their outer appearance and social acceptance.

Mythical: elf, faery, demonoid, wizard, witch, angelic, heroic, giant, druid, undead and much more, they always look like a normal person when you first see them but on closer inspection they aren't nearly. These are the true masters of the enchanted craft who evolved beyond human through generations of devout self government. Although equal to the other humanoids it is quite likely the renowned mythacle crafts of a bloodline trait are the absolute best and therefor becoming job master at a rookie skill level in their rite is rather easy.  A mythic usually retains a human appearance but often have an unusual coloration or physical anomoly that makes their breed and bloodline distinguishable.

Differentiation: Humans are plain. A beast resembles a monster or animal somehow. A Mythic appears human but tends to have a well documented visible qwerk.

Similarity: All people abide by this rule, sex and fertilisation with a charismatic beauty is highly desireable.  Although taste and methods vary person to person climax is exhausting moreso as it is satisfying.

***POTENTIAL
Human
Frail at first, a true human is easily shaped over a single event of their life. Special human only jobs can be found which challenge their inner selves to become a greater human. Magickal armor and weapons fitted for their spirit can easily make a weak human a match for the greatest feats. Being human is a glamorous thing which makes them develop brilliantly in the eyes of beast and mythics alike. 

Mentally or physically, trauma is their greatest weakness and can degrade their current developed abilities or decrease their lifespan considerably.  Humans fall into despair easily when they compare themselves after losing their hard earned attributes.

Beast
Adept at innate powers from birth, any beast can become a full fledged seeker of his inner strength. Making long lasting relationships and following a pack leader can help a beast avoid having to think for themself and is common practice. Increasing their abilities past the starting point is no easy task but it is done. Beasts can live long distinguished lives but rarely seek more than to find the best mates and consume massive quantities of nourishment.

Although unable to communicate with their counterparts lingually, it is likely a beast shares pheremones and can find peace with its non human half as easily as the civilized world. Falling into ferile judgement is a burden and a beast could soon forget their past.

Mythic
Magically charged blood will cause these beings that look human to always aim toward a lofty goal. Becoming a master of a single profession over time is guaranteed. Further enhancement of power is possible but must be sought. Young mythics can be as volatile as a human when met by a fateful event but a strong mental willpower is alwasy within.

Due to the properties of magical blood it can be impossible to achieve some tasks which contradict its nature.  Mythics are powerful allies and easily minipulated. Unfortunate mythics might end up slaves to glamor, and follow nothing but the pursuit of that glamor to their grave.


DURING TRAVEL
choose an encounter by searching for one if it is highly desireable, either a monster or allied vassel

a random encounter will only occur when the moment's been strongly implicated ahead of time as a civil territory or location is labelled unstable gradually but never instantaneously

dangerous wild zones are a hotspot for encounters but they aren't random since someone must premeditate before venturing within these well marked zones

training areas are good hangouts for characters of similar skills to group and increase their talent repoitoir. selective training zones allow the pursuit of less specific talents. some things are not meant to be toyed with.

couples and parties, the bigger and better the more likely they'll encounter a quest that separates them if they venture into unstable territory

special areas are barricaded until opened through quest or exploration

although dangerous, highly experienced travellers can find accelerated improvement and excitement entering the wild for extended periods of time, possibly against their own better judgement.

***TERRITORY:
OCCUPIED (well observed): a light spar never hurt anyone, assert yourself

town, street, public hangouts
grasslands, orchards, garden
enchanted forest, mysterious forest
business, market, tavern
training and athletics complex (job based) [safe training]

at your local training facility there's nearly an endless supply of newcomers training to be the next best of the best.  Due to heavy trafficking it's hard to do much besides recruit or scout inbetween learning.  It's rare to ever get a glimps of nearbye training complex students but if effort is made you can reach the highest challenge which pits the jobs in head to head glorifying competitions with the intent on keeping a physical and mental balance on the true battlefield, the battles are highly observed, don't make a mockery of your training.

meeting people at public hangouts is common. The greatest number of inhabitants are job employed but the more specific types stay out of sight to improve their skills.

It's easy to find a fulfilling life just hanging around the occupied territory doing oddjobs or taking up a professional job.  Hardened veterans of wilderness parties will occasionally have the urge to return to their roots or search other towns for business or pleasure.

CIVIL (poorly observed): a victor can claim spoils of battle but brutally harming a fellow person is highly frowned on

forest areas, deforested areas, camp sites, marked trails
mountain areas, cliff, cavern, cave
dungeon, treasure trails, secret alcoves
sky, travelling at high altitude
white desert
balmy resort (character type based) [sexy training]

the balmy resort is a luxury to most who enjoy staying, there's a neverending mist of steam throughout the entire area which makes it difficult for heavy equipment travel. The steam is rejuvinating to every common sense, some use it to practice their craft to a higher unhindered degree at all hours of the day before they grow weary. There's a challenge zone and wagers may take place which pits some very interesting stakes.  The resort has variations of most landscapes but the swamp area on the outskirts is no fabrication.

There are a few locations within the foundation upon request, which allow you to escape the mist if it is too intense, but the enchantment that does this completely shuts out the common senses to achieve the goal.  These locations are civil but still frighten most travellers too much.

It is no a secret that a swamp is connected with the balmy resort.  The swamp is wilderness and the rejuvinating properties of the mist still linger. The more sexually hungry visitors tend to roam within the wilderness which is a mix of slimy grass, water holes, and yes tentacle infested muck.  Upon entering swamps people tend to realise they get very dirty and slimy.

WILDERNESS (unobserved): short of murder anything goes, you could end up someone's disfigured bitch for the best part of your life, sold for a bad price

veldt (roaming animal territory) ranged attackers
swamp lagoon (tentacles snakes bugs) sneak attackers
fortified various or secretive (allied creatures) provoked attackers
sea, travelling between marked borders
red desert
forbidden resort (unbiased) [painful training]

the forbidden resort is a place where bandits and malevolent gang leaders hang around.  It's a makeshift town that rivals the civil towns at the starter locations.  Due to the complete seclusion of the town and lack of all but the most meagre positive influence public fornication occurs rather often usually with intent on further provocation or robbery. Power is never balanced and sex is as good as any card game.  The weaker a newcomer appears the more likely they'll be attacked.  The stronger a newcomer appears the more likely they'll be robbed.  Large groups have a very difficult time remaining attached.  Human and mythic trade is very popular, frail pretty girls fetch and outstanding bid.

There is a vast web of catacombs beneath the forbidden resort.  Some of the greatest raiders of all time and slave traders and yes even deity bound ritual cultist reside within these enormous catacombs. Adventurers are encouraged to throw their lives away.

DEADLY (lost zones): the ancient and otherworldy things here are stronger and hornier than any planet born creature.  They don't stop after intercourse, they won't even stop if your mind is shattered. Hit the restart button, try again. On a light note if you don't find anything useful at least you'll leave with wild sexual experience, if you survive.

threshold void [your character might be dramatically altered]
physical distortion

dimensional rift [you can alter reality]
temporal

outer space [in a fantasy setting, considerable statistic loss]
disorientation

demon furnace [infestation/impregnation occurs, always]
close to hell

mystic fortress [if you mess up you might not exist tomorrow]
overpowered mystics

ultraXzone n/wise [your character control is converted on failure]

every deadly zone is found only through a wilderness journy of extreme proportions. The strongest characters can only find them and once found they can easily return, with or without friends.  Due to the altering properties of each zone it's important to handle with care and remember creatures or equipment that don't make sense anywhere else can be found here.  Which makes it very tempting.

the ultraXzone is more of a resort compared to the rest, but getting it on with transgalactic dieties has its toll.  In a totally uncomprehensible environment a random shadow liasan that lusts for your party members will join. It will coax you into sex and your spirits will intermingle granting temporary immunity to the twisted void.  The next step is you agree to let control of your characters go to chance. After the judgement there's a profound enhancement but if failed, your character goes rogue eventually.




