part 1

"Here, try this." He said to her.

"What is it?" She asked.

"Just trust me." He responds

"Okay." She says with a smile.

He's been training her to ride a dragon for months now.  It's been difficult for both of them.

"Okay now try this one." He commands.

"How's that?" 

"Good, just hold it for 20 more seconds."

"Ooh, my butt is sore."  She complains.  That wasn't all, every muscle on her body was sore.  The training this week has been especially intense.

"Okay now flex your back."

Out of breath she just does it without responding. He's saying 'Okay' too much. It's irritating.

"Good. Relax, slowly."

She collapsed, sweaty and tired, and she was wet.  The exercises and positions she held weren't the part that made her tired any more.  It was the wetness, his staring and sometimes hearing his next position choice made her ache in anticipation. Will this be the final pose, will he tell me I can finally ride a dragon?

"That's all today. Have a rest tomorrow and just do a few brief sets during the day to keep the muscles warmed up."

That was her answer. Just another routine day is what this was.

He walks away. Quietly in the distance she hears a dragon roar.

That was his dragon, she thinks and smiles.  His dragon knows I'm ready and he keeps it docile by petting it in the meanwhile, he's too cautious.  I feel like I could mount the elder dragons of the continent by now.  Yet I await him to reveal his to me.

-----------
part 2

In this society men are born with a second half, a dragon.

Is it true? You're asking me. Why do men have dragons and women do not? You must be wondering.  Well, there's a catch, men are born with a dragon but the dragon does not remain bound forever. For that the man needs a woman.

There were hobbies old wives have carried throughout the ages: Dragon Riders and Dragon Tamers, and men could become a Paladin.  The strange powers over dragons gained from progressing in the profession have been unneeded for centuries.  Given how easily a dragon can be bound by the touch of a man's desired mate.

So that's how it is. Eventually a female learns that she must bind a dragon. That's what our heroine of the story has already learned.  Only the complication remains, the training - what is the reason for this hardship which her partner has her trained on?

-----
Part 3

Laying in bed, still sore and wet.  Unable to sleep. "Why do you tease me so much?" She asks nobody.

She has seen the dragons men have with them, occasionally, she can see them carried in public.  She has seen dragons big enough to be ridden upon during her web searches.

What is the importance of these dragons to her?  Well they don't seem trivial to men, certainly the men who've let her touch their dragons in the past didn't find the experience insignificant.

Then the training. Oh he had told her before she would need to prepare.  She wanted to even, on her own she could only do so much though.

She rolled over onto her front and pressed in her fingers. Her moistened cherry longing to feel his dragon against it.  She sighed from a light orgasm and went to sleep, her body finally admitting to rest reluctantly.

--------
Part 4

It was erotic, her body and her mind he envisioned with every breath she took.  He felt guilty for telling her about the training. 

Building her endurance and physical shape was the most important step.  Becoming a Dragon Rider, this was the long term goal he had in mind for her at the end.


----------
Part 5
He overslept, his dragon was awake before him.  But he had things to do so he ignored it.  Hours later after working, reading, and reciting, his goddess stepped through the door.  He admired her natural beauty.

Well rested from the previous day's training she was confident she'd convince him that today was the day. "Hello cutie," she said, smiled and winked.


Sometimes it seems like the training wasn't the best idea, her body entranced him while she shed a few layers of clothing when coming in from the outdoors and he couldn't respond any sooner than he ever would have. "Hello... hot," then he caught himself, "do you think you'd be ready to train again today for a while?"

An absurd idea, two intense workouts 2 days in a row.  It might spoil her.   She immediately began warming up, eager to please him.

"Are you feeling prepared?" He watches her face carefully.

"Yes, I could do just about anything now." She responds.

Then his dragon rears its head up high.  It was a bit of a surprise at first.

She's already in a commonly used resting position and she's moving her body to stay warm.  Her butt visibly flexing and her curves contorting in the light.  This is what his dragon responded to, the body language.

"Take off your shirt and pants, I don't want your good clothing getting ruined." He says absently.

She does.

"Get on your hands."

She does.

Her cherry is already sopping.

She can sense that he isn't paying close enough attention. So she continues her warming movements again.  She feels hot, stripped down to her underwear, and her cherry, it feels good.  Her body feels good, and knowing that her beloved is watching makes her feel even better thinking about all this.

It must've been five minutes waiting, she hasn't done much but she's already sweating.  He's staring again, she thinks, good.  Now, my chance.  She removes her bra, while looking at him, then she slides down her panties.  She knows that he'll understand what this is, a plain invitation for him, she wants to be mounted. Now.

"I'm sorry I can't," he gets up and walks to the sleeping quarters.

--------
Part 6

This isn't how it's supposed to work.  She's done the training, and they love each other.  He's told her time and again that it's impossible to resist an invitation.  Something must be wrong.

She walks over to his quarters, she thinks she hears a dragon roaring louder than ever.  Looking in, he's flat on his back on a bed breathing hard, his arms and legs splayed apart, his dragon in full view, seeming to possess all his strength in it at this very moment.

What is this?  What's happened to my man?  He now doesn't seem to be asleep or fully awake.

She approaches him, and leans on the bed, she's still naked.

He looks at her with his eyes and just barely turns his head.

It was true, he could no longer resist her, so he forced himself into meditation. Paralysing his sense of obligation to keep her safe.

The dragon's fire might burn her if it were set free. She took out a muzzle for the dragon and placed it over its willing face.  Then she placed herself over the muzzle.

She let out a sigh and his body twitched.

Then she placed his hands on her breasts and held them there, her body lowered sinking the dragon deep into her soft blossom.  It is so big, it fills her up.  She realizes it's happened and she reaches down and grabs directly under her to stop the pressure of her man's sultry hot dragon with the sudden fear it could skewer her, it was just too big.

Her lover is rapt in pleasure, she is feeling hot and her whole body aches.  "uhuugg" she moans, and falls forward slowly as the two supporting arms gently allow her upper body to descend. Her breasts still cupped, the fingers carefully move and her nipples are stimulated by the sliding gates of her lover's hands.

She moves her arm and accidentally pushes his hand off and one of her breasts slip.  He breathes hard in that instant when her weight shifts.  She relaxes her muscles, she must've tried grabbing the dragon on her inside so it wouldn't go in further, the training paid off.

So close now, she wants to kiss him. "uh-h...." he quietly lets a sound escape and then breathes in hard.  

His hand that's on her breast stops moving and then she's pushed with his first convulsive thrust.  "ooh ooooh" she can only protest this much when the sensation is one pushing and pulling to release from within.

He releases her breast and grabs her from the waist up and pulls her off his dragon slightly, their faces meet and she can feel he's breathing quickly and hard.  He's inserting and retracting quickly and she feels her blood boiling and her cherry might burn from the friction. 

"AAAAhhhhh!" she exclaims suddenly afraid her boyfriend's finally lost control of the beastly dragon he kept secret all along.

Then she notices he isn't holding her and she moans "uuuuuhhhhgg", his hands quickly positioned under her shaking leaves, he had her cherry mound and it felt like she was being enveloped in heat.

He must have calmed down now, because she was the one starting to speed up and he was calmly looking at her and breathing hard.  His fingers nimbly doing things to her she can't quite identify.  

She curls her toes to make the final leap into bliss. His lips smack onto hers and he breathes in hard at that moment forming a suction.  Their velvet tongues dance and tickle one another, then they press hard together, her because she can't concentrate.  Him because he's feeling strongly aroused once again. 

"mmmm!" She finally exclaims as her senses are lost in nothing but pleasure for that moment.  

this continues... for some time ... ... 

His dragon, it's swelled again, and her cherry is so slippery, her face is erotic, there's a sweet odor of sweat and yes a peppering of lust from her pheromones in his nose.  He feels liberated, finally bringing his lover to climax not so long after they experienced pleasure (the pleasure of knowing the other's can be real) for the first time.

Their lips are still tightly pressed and their velvet dragons entwined. He doesn't change a thing, they breathe through their noses.  He starts controlling his movement and presses the dragon in and out.

He thinks he feels a tear in his eye and blinks it out.  He starts testing depth and when he finds the point to stop he relaxes.  Their sticky lips part and some drool escapes, he presses on again and sucks the excess saliva out. 

She moves her hand up and down his chest, and kisses him on the lips. His tongue is quite strong as well, like a velvet dragon. She'll need to remember that.  She is surprised when he accidentally lets saliva fall out and then quickly sucks both of theirs in.  This is fun, she blushes, but embarrassing.

She closes her mouth in his. Then laughing slightly, he offers his tongue.  His dragon's fighting to stay hard.  She accepts and lets him know what a good tongue sucking is like.  Then he pulls away.

Just his fingers pulled away. She notices.  He grips her bottom and it feels good, he's finally trying to be rougher.  His hands massage her butt and she continues stroking his tongue with her own, and her mouth.

She continues to stroke his dragon with her thighs, aware that it might be giving up, submitting, she's finally the rider she was trained to be.

He keeps smiling and massaging her butt.

From how enthusiastically he's feeling her, she has a sore butt after a while.  She gets a little rough and tries to lock his dragon in, but it is all give now.  Then the direction he's pushing changes and she's slid up and loses her concentration.

"We'll need another," he says seriously.

Their eyes remain locked together for a while once the dragon-muzzle is removed.  It's quickly forgotten who really started this dragon riding craze, and doesn't matter.

Such wonder they see in the other's eyes, so much gratefulness for existence they don't speak, subconsciously they await the other to guide to a new journey. Perhaps when the dragon takes flight once more.