use case 3 Skirmish.txt

First chattel reprisal

I intro
II attackers
	Evolution
	
	Adaptation methods
	Defense point
	Tech (militar)
	Weapons
	Assets
	Weapons, infighting
	Awareness about enemy
	Military targets
	Hated Targets
	Tactics to fight the enemy
	
III defenders
	History
	Tactics to defend
	

IV conclusion(s)


I
A technological species that lives in water discovers the land.

A treetop species (like humans) climb to the stars for !Safety! They want to reach the stars if only to say fuck you.

An aquatic ill fitted for land desire to reach out and kill them. This springs from their survival nature, as sentient food.

Based on "Skirmish Outline.txt". As a chattel reprisal.

II The Attackers
(this is ad-lib at the time of writing)
	Story: While researching. Some of the sensitive deep water equipment is just as annoying as a violent burst of noise. The aquatic life begin to realize they should be looking up for danger.
	
	Gradually over the course of one maturation year (adults at 8) they stop infighting and educate for inspection.

Evolution
	fish based (not mammal, breathes with gill)
		Biology: spines, nose and mouse based grabbing

Adaptation methods
	
	water to air propulsion
	pure oxygen injection
	water suit (oxygen circulated)
	breathing mutations
	imitation machines (copy or steal the land machines)
	
Defense point unknown to enemy at start. Advantage fishies.
	1  they are strong in the water.
	
	2  water food refinery is being refitted with a scythe blade weapon hatchery (= =fish oil + melee). It's a perfect location for many supplies.
	
	3  water pressure in depths are crushing, guarantees strength of general pop
	
Tech they devise (military perspective)
	chemical
	oil bombardment - carpeting areas, an advantage against burrows since it goes into even small cracks
	pod - ground tanks under water
	buoyant reagent - raise/ lower depth
	stealth reagents - hide reagent reactions
	
	oil based insulation
	
	technical
	great oil cannon - aimed fire, advantage against buoyant vessels
	sonar
	chemistry buoy
	
	
	
	escalation: bigger versions could be made.
	
Weapons
	Tech
	giant squirt guns
		pressurized water
	
	Chemical
	basic elements, compounds
	
	oil (direct use)
		fire
		slippery
		sticky
		greatly enhance material against corrosion
	
	adhesive - sticky
	poison - deadly
	gas, fumes - spread
	heat - hot
	gel - tough
	
	Biology
	various glands, upgradable
		hormone secretion - strength boost, regen
		nutrients
	
	
	
Assets	
	a starship killing beam cannon (costs fire oil)
	hormone spore farm - agriculture (gland upgrades)
	adhesive underwater mines, refined
	
	
Weapons they use to infight with ( instinct, habits ), requires training to remove
	Ram - 
		basic force to crash vehicles for higher damage with greater mass and speed.
		
		technical combat training.
		
	Dry adhesive  (gill shot kills)
		to suffocate foes or consider body targeting insufficient
		
		xenobiology demonstrations (torture)
		
	Pressure bombs (brain damage)
		consider bomb range on dry and muddy land equally deadly to under water bombing
		
		blind faith, similar to dropping a nuke and running away
		
	Sharp Nets
		capture equivalent to suffocation and defeat
		
		increasing aggression training, to grind captives to a pulp rather than play around
		
		common side-effect is to consider captured foes incredibly resilient
		
		
Awareness about enemy
	anything that floats in the water
	
	weaponize explosives - counter to that they will deploy suspension gels that prevent even sharp material from reaching the lower depth
	
	metal attack vessels sea and air - unman and reverse engineer
	
	vague knowledge of the ground - won't try a land battle
	fishing - deep water vessels are commandeered on sight, signals jammed
	
	physically weaker - although trained, the urge to squash vile enemies on sight can enrage aquatic fish
	
Military Targets
	Shipyard - converts to weapon silo, easily demolished
	Sewer - converts to a waterway after reversing the toxin flow
	Toxic Industry - toxic mutant race
	Nuclear - power source
	Robotics Plants - reprogrammed robots
	
Hated Targets (Cliche mostly) - hidden from public
	Any link to fish harvesting
	Water cruise vessels
	Facilities with toxic runoff
	
Tactics to fight the enemy
	1  Covertly reverse the toxic runoff
	2  Steal and renovate: sewers, industry, agriculture
	3  Demolish shipyard before counter attack
	
	
	4  Robotics plants and dry chemical plants should be disabled: Includes food and explosives.
		Options:
		A  Shut off power
		B  Subvert robots
		C  Destroy R. plants
	
	5  Determine if it's possible to Subjugate the remaining enemies and reverse engineer what they have (land based stuff big challenge).

	
III The Defenders
	Story: Parallel reality story. Despite their best efforts the first contact with an unknown life is violence. 
	
	"We believe we were attacked first without reason. Declaring war is the best course of action."
	
Human-based from earth, spines four limbs and a head. Basic gravity. Lazy.
	
	They have predetermined they are the dominant species on the planet. Many live with animals, but they initially interact violently about as often as scientifically.
	
Tactics to defend
	No starting targets
	defend - Respond to danger with force
	exterminate - Locate large population and attack
	surveillance - 
		Satellite
		Air to ground
		Sonar
		Many ground based science facilities
		Underwater robots
	
	Extermination:
		Depth charges
		Nuclear bombs
		Submarines
	
	Defense:
		Any Anti air (AA)
		
	
	
IV  Possible conclusions : 

	1
	During the first encounter the humans (defenders) knew nothing about their attacker. 
	
	This results in an almost guaranteed failure. The information gap is similar on both sides, and the aquatics only subjugate the human territory.
	
	After a long occupation the aquatics devise mutant land adaptation by observing sea mammals and manipulating them to humanoid forms (eg dolphin men).  
	
	The dolphin men are considered a higher tier race of human.  They require a special diet and retain a set size family. Though loyalties wane it is never forgotten that they owe their existence to the aquatics.
	
	2
	The humans discover that the Aquatics are safeguarding their scythe bladed warriors.  After dismantling that factory the attacking force scatter and mount a defensive congealing the ocean's depths, sealing the land creatures out. Even the most powerful atomic weapons fail to penetrate the gel, and the aquatics remain dormant to the outside world until they're ready again.
	
	During the time of this seclusion the aquatics fight for dominance among themselves and lose their minds, brute and intellect trying to gain the upper hand until a victor is declared.
	
	
	Outliers become revenant and escape out of the gel to consume and grow into super beasts. This reminds the humans that the aquatics' power is real.
	An encouragement and a bane to fight again.