Aquatic is on their own off at sea. Many miles beneath.

"I have to stop it. That sound."

"It's close now. Almost too close. My ears are pulsating from the pain."

It drops dead a short distance from the source of the noise.  A future party comes by, and seeing the spectacle retreat, deaf and in pain, to tell of it.

"Someone above us has outdone them self again."

A judge declared this to the public, and criers spread it like fish.

--

An artist miles away is by a canvas, drawing the calamity that the crier speaks of. Their brush in their mouth. A chemical would be applied when it's done preventing accidental alteration.

They share the forged image, and many others copy it.

"The world is about to end. Join forces to destroy the invaders."

--

Companies are struggling to make ends meet. 

If they ran out of people to make money off of then what was the point of their hard work?

In the face of this sobering future, they unite. Now they turn to face their enemy from above.

'The World's End' was their enemy. 

--

There was nothing to do, at first.

"How do the things above stay up?"

"Where did they come from?"

These were hard enough questions.

"Prove they exist first hand. How do we do it?"

A scientist says, "We need to watch them closer."

An inventor says, "I'll be the first one to invent travel into the deadly ills."

"Ills?"

"..."


'The flying wheel', 'thermal buoyancy', 'gill suit' soon gave way to 'air ball', 'water jet'.

"My child claimed to see things above the surface."

"Great! We need more like her."

--

A painter drew aquatics above the water. This was titled 'ills aqua scum.'

This was followed by the image of  aquatics bombarding them.

"Are ills aqua real?"

Admission of ills aqua ability was not worth the price.

"My child claims to spend several minutes in the ills."

"What nonsense."

"He brought back strange mucus, and claims it was a solid in the ills. It's incredibly invigorating."

"Childish imagination."

"Here is some of the mucus."

"..."

"I also have this thing. It doesn't work. It used to turn without much effort."

--

Images of various aquatics spread, comparing their size and abilities.

"Sharp. Too sharp to be my friend, sharp enough to kill my enemy."

There was a clan of sharp finned 'scythes'.

A single simple task to destroy the noisemakers was appointed.

"Do this and your clan can spread to that place."

"We don't need to."

"Stubborn. Do this or we'll cull your clan again."

"We understand."

Their strongest fanged scythe, also their youngest, was sent and cut the strings above a sonic device.  It went quiet.

"Your clan must live there now."

"We understand."

"Leave your hatchery."

The orphans became a warrior race, bred and raised by the politically motivated aquatic overseers.

They had the children live in crushing depths, and come back after they were battle hardened.

--

"I don't see why we go through all this effort to raise savage fish. We have weapons they're incapable of knowing."

"Yes. But. How will we deal with the ills?"

"We have oil."

"It sinks.  Can a sinking oil affect those above us?"

"We use pods near their hatchery."

"But, we fight them in the middle of the ocean."

"Hide. They can't kill what they can't see."

"If we can't see them, then they're not even trying to find us. What is there to hide from?"

"Alright. You win. Make your monstrous ill breathing monsters."

They can't know about that yet.

"We will."

Soon they bred the scythes with ill aquatics.

--

"That's the last one."

Scythes were cutting underwater equipment.

"Phew. It's much better without the noise. Did you know, even our ancestors couldn't stand it. It's surprising how many of our overseers these things killed in the old days."

"They're nothing."

"I know. The ill's technology is worthless."

"No. It's nothing." 

A net lowers down.

"It's another leaf fall." He says this and swipes one cutter, eliminating the threat.

The fishermen above pull up the net for an hour. They find a hole, and seaweed. Disappointed they begin to repair the net on a voyage home.

"The equipment is broken too."

"Let's not come back."

--

They lower it into the water. It drops. After reaching a depth it explodes.

The scythe scouts discover metallic fallout, dead fish, and dead aquatics.

"We must begin defending ourselves now."

A mass of suspensive gel substance is spread to catch shrapnel, contain virus, and it marks safe territories. A broken gel containment could be many reasons.

--

Common underwater scouts could paint what they saw in suspension gel, submerged in water, and vague ideas of what was above water.

It was notable how slowly everything moved when it went under water. The aquatic's speed far surpassed anything that came out of the ills, while submerged.

A trained scout with illsight watches a human vessel.

"This one drops the leaves."

It takes up an entire canvas depicting it.

A noble sees the image and sighs.

"Could someone train this quill to depict symbolism properly? Get him trained as a spy."

A trained spy in the ills sees the vessel again.

"Ah. The leaves extend from this one."

He couldn't see too well.

He follows one of these back to shore.

"What a mess."

He immediately left after feeling sick.  Small amounts of pollutant entered his lungs, litter pooled along the shore. It made him mad and physically ill. Holding his breath he swam away.

Over time he observed shipyards, sewage runoff, and broken fleets.

He sent illbreathers that identified more closely power lines and electronics.

There was also fishing, yachts, cruise ships.

"The public can't know."

--

Attack. Those were the orders. Destroy these hateful insults to them. There's no reason for it but to mock the aquatics.

It was short work. The outsiders were forced inland, though they never completely vanished.

The ills were taken, the illbreathers confiscated all the technology they could use.

--

There were sightings of ill bandits. They were fighting zombies and robots.

From time to time illbreathers went to contest the land of outsiders.  Encountering robot was the worst, they came in varieties that could reach 12 feet tall and breathe fire.

The ill word 'land' and 'sky' were adopted, and soon much of their science was as well. Aquatics became interested in 'aliens' from 'outer space' and began reaching to the heavens.