Actors: Eclaire Smith
	Grumpies
	Cooper "Light"
	
Display: Eclaire's passion
	Grumpies as Lemming
	
PAPER MAGIC
Eclaire grabs her magic paper. She draws some things.

She gives a grumpy a sticker which increases its speed. The grumpy is promoted and begins an immediate invasion of Cooper's stockpile.
She also draws sticky paper that sticks Cooper, balloons which look pretty, and mazes.

GRUMPY SHIP
Eclaire grabs her magic paper. A moment later she's drawn a boat that takes three bunnies to control.

She volunteers three Grumpies and then forces Cooper into the magic portrait to play the villain.

While inside, Cooper needs to do a few things in order to overthrow the captain.  

[signs]
Grumpies that spill out make splashes and ride around with sails in carpet that's transformed into water.

COOPERATIVE
Eclaire grabs her GIANT magic paper. She draws a town with a population of four major bunny characters. Each grumpy attempts to woo an enchanted princess who looks like a commoner while they maintain the town.

version 1 
DISCOVERY

Cooper discovers the painting standing up in plain sight. When Cooper listens carefully he can tell an enchanted town of measure is inside the canvas. So he enters.

The story ends when Cooper finally discovers the true princess and gives her a ring.

Eclaire is the princess with her appearance altered.  Her personality remains the same. There are several other girls who try to trick you into thinking they are the princess. They're actually Grumpies who've been glamored in illusions.

version 2
RP

Cooper is encouraged to enter the painting by Eclaire. It's a role reversal she explains.  He performs the duties of carrying water buckets. He mills grain, he cooks, he cleans, and he is scored by how many Grumpies he keeps content.  The story ends after 6 days, or by keeping all the Grumpies content they continue until Light gets tired of it.

The true plot summary is as follows. The Grumpies are foraging every day, they aren't dependent on Cooper, but they appreciate his work ethic. They show up and drink water each day. Then they go back out the next and forage. If Cooper leaves them a snack, they eat and thank him.

On the 6th day the world collapses gradually until the bunnies are stuck in one place to argue, then they exit the painting.  "The Grumpy who likes him most becomes Cooper's partner", Eclaire declares. Light gets a buddy until he plays again.  The buddy follows Light unless he goes somewhere tough.

When this does not happen, the town sustains indefinitely. Cooper chooses a partner at will.  The painting persists even after the game ends, and he can play all the games now. The Grumpies don't seem so bad after all.