Actors: Eclaire Smith
	Serable Conegy
	Eclaire's Parents

Display:
	Jeref Father's dignity
	Trianna Mother's Joy
	E's explortive
	
Serable "Eclaire, There's no way." "'Claie' I see you looking strange places, like you expect to find something, and you tell me now I can't believe this."

Serable and Eclaire sit down at her porch.

Eclaire *Smirk and looking around*

The father comes out and sits. "Eclaire how have things been going on the farm? Have you been getting alone with the young doe Mince? She's going to grow up very sturdy."

Eclaire "I get along with all the animals daddy. You don't neeed to keep asking."

Jeref "Our livelihood is our responsibility. The horses will be helpful to everyone if you show them kindness.  There aren't much smarter animals on four strong legs."

Serable looks delighted. "Are there any new youngins? Babies are so cute." She lets out a high pitched sigh quickly and rocks forward.

Eclaire "Yeah Ms. Conegy don't get all flustered. The pig had some cute oinkers.  Recently. Since you last were here there must be a few newlings."

Serable "Can we?"

Eclaire "I'm sorry. I don't have the time. My training, and we have a place to go right now."

Serable "Is that the surprise you had for me?"

E "..." Smiling.

Jeref "Would you like me to walk with you? I'm just going to make sure you don't get lost. Either of you."

E "We're not that foolish to get lost daddy. I'd love to have you come with us."

Trianna from a distance "Juice. We we have juice~~" in a singsong tone of voice.

T close up. "I have some snacks and juice. I saw you two coming and I wanted to make sure there was something in your bellies."

Jeref "I'll have some. Thank you darling." He shared a smooch with his wife right then.

Serable looks delighted and a little shocked.

E "Yummy" She takes several chewy snacks and holds them in one hand munching.

They all eat and drink the juice.

E "Can we go now? I don't know if we'll be late"

The three of them go to a nearby pond, it's on the side of an abandoned shack beyond some hanging gardens.  There are pretty animals along the path they take. Jeref even points out a few animals who are hiding. It's quite serene.

E "Look the fish make the pond so beautiful this time of day."
S "Wow"

The father leaves with a knowing look. About five minutes after he leaves a stranger arrives. Eclaire and Serable meet the animal angel and they fill with wonder. She brought a few gifts.

She let them try on her clothes.
She tried on their clothes.
She had in a cage an animal companion that enjoyed singing.
She brought them a fish who wanted to travel, and it moved to the pond in the hanging garden.
She gave Eclaire a pouch of soothing herbs.
She had a snack she gave to Serable and told her to share it.

The mother came to the same garden that night. The animal angel showed herself to the mother. They hugged.