Name: Trianna (Smith), Mother, Housewife
Display
	Musician
	Reception of delivery
	Knowledge of Mid-Shather
	Love of bunnies paired with Bendamion
	
Trianna lifts up her violin and takes up the bow. She strikes up a muscial ballad with just a little effort and then settles down.  The music is lovely, and then it is envigorating, and soon it grows soft, it is such a delight.

A buzz at the doorbell. Trianna stops playing and gets up to take a look. About a quarter of a mile away there is an approaching van-wagon led by horse.

She puts on her shoes and shorts and heads out.

The delivery driver is carrying various. Trianna negotiates a deal for her farm. 

About half her stock sold and she threw in another tenth they could never manage to use soon enough. The bartering was easy and took a few minutes.

There are some nice clothes for Eclaire and her grand-pap.  A new accomodation from time to time.

"Jerry we've got you slippers, Jerry, do you like them?" She goes right over to Jeref Smith the landlord her father-in-law and showed the gift. "They're stronger than the ones your or Crosanna make and you can wear them for insulation. Now isn't that a treat?"  That is well and good. Put the rest of the gifts out on the sofa.  The family can pick away later.

Despite living on the farm for so long, Trianna still rememberes her life in Mid-Shather and how the people there dressed. She also remembers the upper district and its magic. Despite all that she prefers this simple life, there is something so much more civilized about living here than magic gardens.

Bendamion enters the livingroom where Trianna placed her things and gives her a good mouthy smooch. He is slim, well built, and sweating from his workout.

Trianna felt that, accidentally muttering her delight. "Mmn." Something is embarassing her about the juvenile way she behaves at times like this.

The two of them settle down and several bunnies present their snouts, which they gladly pet. Eclaire comes in and helps them pet the bunnies. Soon a platoon of bunnies wander in and they play, human hands petting all of them.

Cooper comes over as well, he's sort of a rogue and colored differently, not one of the Grumpies. He comes right up to Eclaire and she touches him for a moment, and smiles. Trianna makes sure that Cooper is fed by tossing him a green stick and a 'dynamite' hay toy.