
Cosmose: Easy Mode, begin in Cosmos Schemas, they're the most powerful and cosmic energy rarely runs out.

Fiction (En)
	Don't worry. Existence and non-existence is semantic.

	1. Deux ex Machina. To exist, first of all, take over every last bit of cyberspace and assert yourself as the benevolent god of intellectual species.  It's believed a true god can be created by Techos.
	
	2. En's (Like the primordial gods) are easily ranked. Be number one, monopolize.  Eat your competition.  You, as en, survive on pure success, even if existing generally annoys everyone else.
	
	
	... in general
	As en you're basically the ruler of the dead. So if they don't cooperate: kill, and consume all other resources.
	
	You have no desire to worship gods. You have no need for food other than to spread. Once the universe is taken over you can safely enter the next. 
	
Star

	Your best ability is founding the elemental race.  So maybe do that. They will do the rest of the work for you like good worker drones. 

	If you're an entity kin to stars you've got several billions of years to seed galaxies.  By the time that power runs out you should have enough followers to fuel a resurrection.
	
	But if you're an interventionist, just try being proactive.  Spread the power among followers.

	A star in itself is a source of energy. It's told that a star can even be moved by blocking the direction its light travels.

	You should get your hands on some dark matter and energy wells, it's probably the most powerful thing in the universe.
	
	(anything similar to star can relate)
	
	In a rare novelty state, you can spread through procreation, like your lowly subjects.

Essence: Insane Hard Mode.  Buddy, you may get smoked this time.

Material

	You are matter. You are edible.
	
	Don't get eaten. Live and sustain yourself like the animal you were before being born. Magical acts that shock and awe are mere parlor tricks, you can become godly with enough worship.  But mostly, avoid getting eaten.
	
Incorporeal
	Claim symbols as yours!  You are a symbiotic essence first, and a conqueror second.  Don't let your devout followers down, or they tend to find another god, and then you're a nameless essence once again.
	
Standard Guide / Endgame: Rule over corporeal living beings, you're an inspiration to life. Spread your idols, gather dim'not, take over or destroy the universe and enter the next as victor.