"Greetings I'm your master."

"Little worm. I've changed you. You will not forget this. Call me god, messiah, uplifter. I'm uploading knowledge into your new genetic memory now."

In an instant the little worm is reprogrammed. It is self aware. It is aware of its limitations. The genetic seed planted would allow the worm to grow and implant its new perfect genoforms in mates.

With digging and new sensory skills, the worm can outmaneuver predators. 

It fully understands. It takes roughly 3 seconds. The nanomachines take over its organic matter and make it hard and immune to digestion, just in case.

It seeks out mates and for 100 years it seeds. It grows into a leviathan after seeing its prodgeny roam the surface, it protects the planet from then on.

Leviathan: Enormous flying wurm. The size of an island. Only answers to god.


Worm 001:
It's ancient offspring in the first few years are dead set on gathering resources. They do not compete. 

They form a hive structure and mate to make more of them. It's close to an ant colony, but with fat worms.

Worm 002:
After a year, worms that digest and create fertile sorts of excrements.  Worms that chemically alter and produce pools of rare matter on the planet's surface.

Worm 003:
After ten years, the surface is altered dramatically, the original inhabitants are cornered. Some worms come up and seek old resources.

"new world"
The whole planet. The entire thing's terraformed to suit moderately intelligent worms. The worms never saw the old planet, so they won't care.

Worm 004:
They are now. They name themselves Eeweei.


EEweei (Worm 004)

From fifty to one-hundred years after the Leviathan began seeding these emerge and gather resources. They now have minds of their own, and only seek to inhabit the planet.

"body"
 
They resemble big slimes with sturdy snake-like tendrils.  They have multiple brains and can asexually reproduce.  Their inner bodies are rock solid.  There is some variety and difference of body due to the number of genders.

Their genders are difficult to discern, there may be ten or more. They touch eachother from time to time or for sexual reproduction, for business and pleasure.

"knowledge"
Any information they want is accessible via instant signal to the god that started time for them.

They have many complex organs that demand them to carry out tasks.  This mock social order causes them to build a city world of sorts.

"quality of life"
They then seek to test the work they've made by building robots. They connect to the robots and control them, saving their bodies the discomfort.

"conquest of understanding"
It is understood that Eeweei have only explored 5% of the world physically, and will search the rest with these robots they built, due to speed limitations.

There are vestigial intelligent creatures, such as humanoid animals.

DARWICILE - an enter type humanoid.

These are heavily play-ridden and violent honeybadger-like hominids.  They have vestigial elemental remnants that keep them safe from the planet's atmosphere.

Upon discovery of ancient robots exploring their groves their reaction is to belligerently fight and scream.

Brief history. After forming a veritable eden, the Darwicile focused entirely on genital worship, socially alienating their neighbors. They have explicit rituals and physical cues that would have to be imitated to pass.

"invasion"
Some robots imitating them exist for study. The Eeweei, disgusted, avoid contact or examination.

DARCRANK - a hybrid enter-elemental bird

They live in honeycomb colonies for the most part.  Their unintelligent (by their standard) warlike ancestors (DARFA) long abandoned to fight for land.

Actually, having eaten many worms, they have a strange obsession with bugs and the like.

"roguish symbol"

Due to this the Eeweei simply love birds despite a danger.

They make frequent inquisitions into birds with their god. They seek flight simulations. Handmade (tentacle made) art in their cities have avian looks.  

They spy on birds despite knowing everything already.


"Darkrank conflict - 120"
The Eeweei are seen as an invasive emergent alien force by Darkrank about one-hundred twenty years after their seed. 

Many of Darks are fascinated and take unseemly risks of life and limb mingling in 'enemy' territory.

To explain the conflict more about Dark society would have to be understood.

"Darkrank civilization"

Republic - representatives are voted

Shared community currency - communities make money, not individuals

Tech:
utility clothes
	no-flight heavy
	flight enabled armor
	high-altitude oxygen mask
	extremely high-altitude heating suit
	diving suit

balloon carryall

Jobs
	tree harvesters (plant and gather)
	infrastructure - construction, engineer

	various entertainment

fashion trends
	spider lace
	hawk wing decoration

military (infighting)
	flight-phobic tanks - air denial, carry upward shielding
	mobile flotilla - squad landing pads
	air flotilla - stealth balloons that maintain flight
	
hi-tech
	electrical computers
	replenishing energy sources
	
thought schools
	
	we imitate our ancestors
	we belong with our ancestors / we should prove we're better
	science
	eugenics - "better wing"

brief culture
	Wing Handicapped: Flightless 
	presently, they are working on re-enabling handicapped birds. Wing extensions, balloons, mostly useless.
	
	"What is a bird that can't fly?" - Freptitik (eugenic leader)
	
	
	Meme focus - the origin which most new ideas come from
	
	*: Their evolution allows them to huddle closer together for quiet communication.  This allows for a bit of mystery that original birds don't experience.  
	
	Cult Flight: Flying in large packs in unison gives the impression of cults. It becomes a social symbol where they fly together to show unity in the sky.  The exception vision allows for birds on the ground to even stare near the sun and observe.
	Some acts of fumbling around, plummeting as if unconscious, and fighting mid-air occur to disorient a group and apparently recreate interesting events.
	
	Digging: It's a poor bird's work.
	
	Ballooning: It's like trying to make a city out of balloons. This is the most popular current trend, but has come under criticism when some major cities lose control of their position.
	
	
"Eeweei conflict continue"
	
Headlines in a small town
The poor diggers can't dig. There's something extraterrestrial, below ground. Giant worms. Missing persons.

"Rumors like this, ridiculous. If diggers won't dig, then they can try fishing." - Initial Critics.

Some rumors about new insects. The discovered insects aren't very different or interesting. (estimated discovery year 22000)

Balloons detect some metallurgic changes underground. It's evident that a long digging time would be required to uncover it's cause. (estimated year that worm depth will be reached 400)

Some strange rumors spread related to all these events generating art and myths. (cult effect varies)

Big worm films becomes a hit for the next 60 years.  Varies from unidentified lifeform ET movies, to mouthwatering delights.

Digging is more profitable when documented for supernatural 'evidence'.  As such some undiscovered materials and digging industry growth make it a middle class job.

[more escalating encounter stories would be exciting here]

A disappearance of large numbers brought suspicions above tolerance.  

A few who hated worm worshipers more than actual worms formed parties and staged worm eating banquets.  This was somewhat unremarkable.  Except that one party fabricated the gutting and cooking of 'very large tentacles'.

The Eeweei investigated their own and weren't perfectly capable at identifying individuals, given their similar nature.  It was possible any one of them were lured by their desire to meet a tantalising specimen of the bird species.

Full forced agenda took place to fabricate a bird race!  They would even go so far as create a genetically replicated avatar.

After enough worms passed their exams for mind state shifting, they were given avatars.

"Bird Avatars"
Finally with exact accuracy they could fly. They could eat like birds.  But most importantly they could try to make contact safely.

Long story short... it works and the Eeweei end up using the trained and acquired bird skills for entertainment instead of the natural borne population. 

Although they have issues with excluding, and spend much of their life secretive in the public eye, the avatars [ need a tribal name ] successfully integrate into Darkrank society and spy from the inside, greatly setting back the date of their imminent discovery.


"Aliens are among us - says science"
22000 years since worms dominated the planet, the dissimilarity in bugs from before their modification to be spies is... evident.

The replicated Darkranks identified dangers and pacified the civilization, but the time of their hiding is at an end. The population of Darkrank about a hundred per tribe greatly limited to flight capable areas is dwarfed by the population of an evolutionary modified Eeweei by a hundred to one.

They no longer hide and seem to do what they like with Darkrank and replicants alike. This is a problem.

"The new Eeweei"
They've cohabited as replicants. They've enjoyed their roleplay in secret for millennia.  A large portion of the Eeweei have adapted to think and behave just like Darkrank.


The Drawei

The Drawei are Eeweei who voluntarily have their bodies permanently altered so they no longer compartmentalize the replicant body functionality.  The methods of doing this are numerous.

There is a distinct difference in Drawei. Many dislike giving up their facet advantage. They've retained full appendage, multi-brain functionality, and psychic signals. Essentially this makes them Darkrank on the surface and Eeweei in capability.

They quickly rise to ruling positions and excel physically, socially, mentally, as if by accident.  There's almost nothing a Drawei can't accomplish, crushing even genetically modified Darkrank.

This has led to some complications. As the unknown pity leader of Darkrank would plead in tears before his disembowelment by dissenting ranks of anti Drawei mobs:

"We aren't, and will never be able to statute a force to combat them. We haven't been happier, than in the time we served our true lords."

"The gallant conflict"

Being gallant was a motif of being happy, confident, and everlasting beauty.  It is the Darkrank's ultimate purebred genetic super soldier. 

They bloodlessly took over small industries. All agreed they only combat the Drawei in government, those which denied votes for power in favor of superior races.

Much to the offender's surprise, the Drawei would vanish, seemingly departing and escaping the country before capture.  In truth they went back to the Eeweei stronghold and divulged any evidence they'd been attacked.

First the Eeweei/Drawei would try to uncover this plot. Painstaking efforts to display the attacks to the public, failed.

Copulation with gallant was nearly impossible, because the Drawei had inherent character flaws - their dna was a natural mutation like the Darkrank.

Perturbed by this fail in Darkrank society Draweinity made the decision to disarm gallant forces. Within days their military strength was crippled. 

Unable to distinguish the enemy they faultily implemented an encode society. These cells were rooted out since the first scientists who invented the genome were the masterminds.

They reformed society to ancient times with systemic displays of power. Now in front of an audience the gallant assault a force that deign the true king as a god with many arms.  One god stood against hundreds of gallant and they all fell to their knees.  It was just one Drawei using mind suggestion. 

Behind the throne he sat, fifty other Drawei watched and took pictures.

The gallant were forced into Darkrank's working society. Their D.N.A. was remedied acceptable parameters. They continued to be taller and perceptive, all too perceptive because after restoring the technology and military, the Drawei god vanished, and the government returned, but they always were watched.

"The impulse of Drawei"

With the planet subjugated without a remarkable conflict their god waited.  It waited over 20000 of their years.  It waited 80% of its lifespan, and would have sent a distress signal at 19% battery.  

Then it got a command transmission.

Like clockwork it began redistributing roles to the Eeweei. The leviathan received orders but had long since overcome the conditioning of its forced evolution.

"Leviathan"
Long hidden in slumber as a sole sentient being the leviathan wakes up. The command is crude, roughly suggesting that it's super to the Eeweei, and may command them.  But this is a ruse, it's meant to follow commands given it, and the Eeweei will follow their commands in turn.  This god isn't something they should follow blindly.

Taking on its new role reluctantly. Leviathan made a few changes.

"Len"

Len's a spirit knight with draconic wings. She is not gallant and fought alongside a dissident kingdom during the decades old war in which the gallant lost, before the civilization returned.

A spirit knight is a tempermentally false demi-god figure of the Darkrank. For a short time they were "witnessed" and recorded to have ordeigned many truths.   When the gallant died out, the archaic kingdoms and the false reports abruptly ended.  In this newly enlightened era those who still claim to be impossible beings were covered by media as lunatics.

Despite this the character Len was invented by the Leviathan for its purpose, and it took the form of a Darkrank with spirit knight powers. That is to say, it bent holographic phychic energy to enable the telltale signs and mythical demi-god powers in a fun way to amuse itself, and remained covert for a time to establish a realistic persona.

"Len summary backstory"

In a jail house.
She appeared one day and ordered people around. She asked questions and appeared to take notes.   It was all very normal for an inspection except, that was not the jail inspector.  When asked to leave she talked about the freedom of press legislation.  Then she left with a list of investigators.  

She didn't even have to give them her name.

A networked series about home and leisure starring some incredibly rich entrepreneur was on. A contestant named Dompa made a big splash because out of the three teams her leadership immaculately organized whichever one she was on, having them score a shutout every episode.  She made a speech on live news which got her barred from televised events.

Despite this her named Len was announced to some of the world. Drawei even began to question if she were a gallant or one of them.

Len was investigated but found under no suspicion by anyone who was sent to watch her.  Even so the drawei began to follow. She'd spend long times doing the most boring thing, talking to random strangers, they gave up.  Instead a more efficient bug network was finally enforced to monitor her in particular.

Some anomolous readings occurred and a camera bug was dispatched. On the scene Len had taken to some martial combat practice and cracked sturdy building materials, sort of like cement.  She then turned and looked directly at the bug momentarily, before meditating.

A while later Len wandered to various fitness beureus. It was a no contest. There was something in particular she wanted, that was evident. A Drawei made contact to introduce an underground scene, where gallants, Drawei, and various mixed disciplines would frequently meet up. 

The entire place was controlled by the Drawei. Even and Eeweei presence in these locations were possible, for the right reasons.  

Len arrived via wing and made some quick observations. The place was new, recently built this week. Len's remarkable abilities were all that were going to be tested here.  This particular location must have been developed with even more sensitive scanning equipment by the Eeweei. Let them try, it's not like there was really anything to find out.  Len for all they could tell, was a Darkrank, and they almost decided to give up before they got started.

Instead, they released a stunt actor who would fight and crash into Len to push her off balance. He was close to a master in the most absurd disciplines of combat. Enraged by his failure he even tried to catch Len's wing and with surprising strength her wing bounced him across the room disarming his cheating tactic.

Next, the Darkrank came out one by one. Some who want a rematch for embarrassing them at their 'dojo' (more like a bird house filled with intrigue), and use less hospitable means like weapons to beat her.  Eventually she shone to surpass limits of mortal strength and endurance. 

The Eeweei were frozen an awe of the powers of this one bird. A cyborg entered, part of the gallant force's organized resistance that failed. The cyborg didn't avoid pushing and encountered a force-field activation, on which even molecular saws broke.  The power supply was cut and struggling to move the gallant fell to its knees in the end.

"She's not a Darkrank. She isn't even possible."

Their curiosity not even hindered a bit. The Eeweei went into a frenzy of inquiries with god and began making theories. Inevitably, the danger was too much.

Several cloaked figures surround the room, blocking exits after all defeated contenders are safely carried away.

Meanwhile, a Drawei comes forward as a contender. 
"Are you tired?" 
"Not at all"
"You beat our champion, but you've only started to break a sweat.  In this case we have one last challenge.

"Tell me what you are or I won't be able to hold back."

After saying this the Drawei unfurled the tentacles and tightened its muscles, boosting its strength and auto defense.

"I guess it's too bad. I won't have a chance to ask the same thing."

Len appeared defenseless and stood relaxed in the face of a Drawei's form.

The Drawei's tentacle went for her heel and gets pushed aside. In response its emotions expell. "I can't take it! Show us what you are."

Len dispenses with a conversation and glares.

First a hidden fourth arm comes close to punching her in the gut. She steps back and the impact is nullified. A severely heated cutting blade of a tendril attempts to sever her tendons but with a twist of her body the molecules are cooled and softened as she lofts up like a leaf. 

A mass of tentacles attempt to snatch her mid-air and catch nothing.  Then Len grabs them and pulls.  The Draweis attached fall face-down. 

"How are you doing this?" One yelped.

The speaker uses a stimulant and pheromones now. The sensation of arousal in Len quickly bursts out.  She makes a move with her right heel that cracks the arena, then she cartwheels her leg around and sets the air on fire with a crack of thunder. She laughs and holds still, muscles tense.

"Don't use the pheromones! Hold back, she can ignite the atmosphere with kinetic movement. Stop provoking her!"

Sweating in heat now, Len's movements aren't subdued and she launches at the one who spoke out pinning him, it. Then spoke.

"This is a strange way of fighting. Isn't it?"

The Drawei never experienced fear or danger. By extension the Eeweei never have either.  They focus on the enjoyment of the alien race they've technically enslaved and slowly bar them from progressing, essentially eliminating their freedom.  The Leviathan understood now.

Len stood back.

"Wait. I'm not a Darkrank.  I'm the first. This is just an avatar state."

...

"In twenty centuries, we haven't seen or heard of a first.  It was only a legend."

"Your manipulated evolution is far from natural.  The eternally struggling civilization you made for your delight is hollow and pathetic even for a worm."

The Leviathan's neural link was severed in that moment. Len and her true form are separated.  The psychic powers that guarded her drop, but her inner power retains, and her physical body.

It was, a safeguard. The network is down

The Eeweei are running without a rudder, awesomely powerful, without a history of fear or danger, a complete storehouse in databanks and hundreds of years of boredom a piece.  

The Drawei are now separated into individuals, resembling the Darkrank, subject to scrutiny, subject to manipulation by desire.

That starts the key for a new story. An invincible Darkrank woman with a new reality.
