Evolutionary affectations. No limit.

Micro
blood - this is a wellspring of nutrients and energy, in theory.  The simplest form of life can evolve in complexity at rapid rates.   However, blood has defenses.
	options:
	As an origin of life it's not likely.
	
	Life access. A pathogen can attack or break into cells and reproduce.
	A microorganism can grow. 
	A symbiot with equal or greater energy management ability, but the high chance of death is undesired.
	

osmosis - The simplest form of life can spring into reality as a single cell. In most likelyhood this is the most ancient form of life.
	As an incomplete origin it's a maybe.
	Stored nutrients. A cell-mitosis and energy management enables multiplication.  
	Life access. Any invading organism would live and take over without contest, but a symbiosis or many would greatly increase survival.
	Defenses are unlikely to evolve.

sound - Memes. Requires too much energy to form life. Likely to have meaning until information becomes over abundant.

symbiosis - Any form of cooperation is possible. An uplifted alien could coexist and sink into the form of another.

Macro - in all likelyhood one form of life would evolve to survive, and extend to the others. Like cells in water first.

	water - osmosis, soft/hard invertebrates, vertebra (spines), fish wet breathing (highly mobile), shallow water dirt access, access to light and air on water surface

	flat ground - body movement, a locomotion must evolve, better forms like legs, and safety like arms

	uneven soft ground - legs, a form of pedal, more legs the better



	dirt - digging creatures

	light - high amounts of power, explosive growth of photophyllic life (eg photosynthesis, eyes, warm bodies)
	
	lattice or treetop - high acrobatic skills and hands, airborne
	
	wind - wing and spore, dry breathing

	space - barrier of evolution (except panspermia)

Fiction
	spontaneous generation would dictate that life will appear from anywhere. It can be explained away with some clever fabrication of pseudoscience, myth.


Cosmos
	Earth-like
		With the planet earth as a template. The evolution would exist like above, starting at water.
	Demon-planet
		An incompatible (to Earth) planet as a template. The evolution would start with a liquid unlike Earth's water, but starts the genesis of life.
		Decomposition would be different from the chemical remains (oil) found on Earth, and so on.  Possibly rendering an undesirable substance.
		The air itself may be combustible, making chemical reactions the greatest danger.
		
		some possibilities
		low gravity
		'water' combustion - heating water several degrees in air = fire waves on water = jet propellant force
		sticky lattice - very big wet plants (avoid combusting shores), low success of pollen or spore spread
		
		
		
	Baron-rock
		With something like the moon. A pocket of evolution may take place, but with a lack of abundant resources, it'd be doomed at the start without fictional aide.
	star - 
		If life were to spawn in the void of space then the interior of a star is next best after a baron planetary rock.
		
	dark matter - ???
	x rays - memes
	gravity - all things attract

	Wellspring
		Something like a spontaneous generation could occur here, all forms of exotic matter and dim'not (god energy)

Concept of mind
	It's thought higher life is a neural network (brain)... and so it would follow that all life needs to matter is a brain.

	Information - the most valuable thing... it's a given, with the right information a behavior can be generated, even random behavior
		
	Dream
	Thought


	Intentional: 

		Programmed AI - faux life
		AI - generic term for 
		Clone - a copy of another that uses a seed
		Replica - a remarkably similar but faux clone

		Emulated Life - a simulacrum of a real brain that has no say
		Tech: Matroska brain - a colony of computers running on hydrogen
			
		Augmented Life - a life that's elective as hybrid, cyborg, uploaded, otherwise engineered
	
	Uncontrolled:
		
		Singularity 'A.I.' - a life that's pure program and unrestricted in speed
		Soul - the persistent mind with/without body
		Rebirth - the reuse of a soul
		
		Boswin brain - a life that forms from random background noise, various complexity
	
		Micro asexual
			simple
			pathological
			
			artificial cell
			
		Macro celled organisms (fauna and flora)
			
			
			Mushrooms - sometimes extremely large and deeply rooted, thought to form a neural network
			Info web - extremely complex chain of electrons
			Animals - sexual reproduction and sensory organs, a literal brain