divisible myth

as though some char. misworded or invented a story

13th era
Fact, memory: The first memory from [13th era] is the earliest possible memory.
....
Fossil mythology
There are fossils from before that. The churning ground, the oceans depths, strange creatures.

Myth, giants: Mythical teleporting gods. IN lieu of current time espers.

HUGE
Dead. Giant dome shells with no living ghost. A completely empty mindless shell.

Myth, dome history: Dome-shaped shelters, the suggestion fo a prior civilization creating these makes dome shaped houses popular.

Knowledge givers. Incredibly thick fibers spanning miles wide that can transmit complex info of terrain, creatures, and safety.

Myth, power givers: Gifts are granted to heroes of exploration, a holy grail per se.

Whale-sized sea floats that will act as rafts to cross oceans.


Myth, undiscovered ghost life forms. 

Myth, demon apocalypse: Counter-agents awaiting the destruction of the world. World destroying demon ships.

PLANT
Large hollow mushrooms with internal threads comprising infrastructure. Can reform to personal architecture, heating, and doubles as fiber for animal types.

Trees can give their nutrient richness, sap, fruit, or the very body can fall apart.

Forest "bodies" can form interweaving structures shielding a passenger from elements and wildlife

Myth, enchanting abduction: Abduction and confinement in strange world. It's more often an excuse for people to wander into a forest.

There are still viruses permeating ghosts and gears.

Myth, zombie: There's a fear, sick people become demon brains, or some establishment will kill the sick, this leads to pandemic plagues.

Bedrock caverns suggest more than tectonic activity. Deep coal mines.

Myth, subterranean giants: Impossible to disprove whether or not the mines were dug or naturally formed.

Fact: Ruins with a pretense of organized construction stick out. Ornamentally placed masses. Maze-like dug-outs. The monumental formations of the first hosts, tirelessly working to satisfy the curiosity of simple-minded cell organizms.

Fact: Wars. The guardians can't tell the difference between a demon brain and other paranoid hosts. There were frequent epic battles between two strangers.

.... Myth, Possession

Devils with the ability to inhabit bodies lept from one to the next.

They had control of the earth, sea, and air like it was completely under their thrall.

14th era
Fact: Individual pain was a major factor in decisions. There was a 'mother' of individuality and identity. These became enormous, gluttonous, and self-fulfilling beasts.

.... Mythical Heros
Great heroes fought the devils. They could thwart all who didn't share their path. They built the 111 wonders of individuality and amassed great fortune. 

A great war raged across the worlds. All 111 wonders were destroyed in their time. Some attempts at recreation were made but the individuals now lacked the dedication.

14.5 ish era

Fact: fossil records of early guardians devised with strong internal bone formation and protective sensory forms. It is noteworthy to ghosts how small the host environment becomes at this time.

.... Myth Enlightenment

Divisible controlled their desires, for a morality and compassion towards their other half, their own.

A surge of hatred came out of nowhere and war erupted among guardians until they could find their enemy.

15th era

Fact: Predators of immense ability are spawned up through this era. By beating and isolating their colony a demon brain cell was finally detected. The remaining guardians picked a side, and they chose to be individuals rather than link with a collective of deadly cells.

... Myth, Hatred
Some of these predators take on a supernatural power.

Ghost cells of this time split off to mutate counter-brains, that will fight only the demon brain predators in stead of the guardians. More robotic races with a sense of devotion to superior combat ability, and sustaining the environment.

Fact: The demon brain sustained and encouraged the super predators' evolution. An environmental catastrophe was inevitable. 

16th
Fact: The known population decreases drastically. There are records of survivors fleeing to remote islands.

Myth, destiny: Legend is a hero beat the demons while the survivors were few.

17th
Fact: The empath era begins. People know it's safe again and return to mainlands.

Those with empathy suffer incredible pain. The ones who evade it are willing to fight and kill if necessary.

There are various conflicts among tribes, peace, and regression in this time.

Spoken word evolved, increasing survival chance against apathetic individuals.

... Myth of Cursed (Apathy Empowerment)
The empathy granted to few was a curse. The curse spread until nobody was capable of thinking objectively.

18th "Modern era"
science fiction:

