(copy of civilization timescape. 
up to nomad it's indifferent.)
ugar
	

	final name
		""
		Uoukok (Bad, Good)
		""
		
	skill - 
		vocalize
		mold any digested matter
		
	name - ugar
	
	faith - water, light, green

	0.1
	conflict - swamp
	
	0.2
	conflict - thinness (hunger)

		Thinness is social stigma. Overeating becomes necessity.
	
	1.0
	trend - k' (k - stop) sounds nice to many ugar
	
	rename race - uukar
	
	identify pleasant things -
		ululate k'
		
		literally makes k' sound to identify pleasant things
	
uukar
	1.1
	trend - naming
	race. some want uk'glar, ug'kar, unkgar and few actually refer to themself as uukar. This is a sign of mind diversity (pop 50+).
	
	self. while most refer to their race, some want a name to differentiate their family from others.  This is a sign of internal conflict.
	
	1.2
	thinness (danger) escalation - 
	
	thin people get sick
	
	thinness becomes an excuse to excommunicate people
	
	many die from stigma and poor health (pop 35)
	
	hunting becomes a necessity since scavenging is limited
	
	
	1.3
	stereotype -
	hunters are denoted as thin, they are given a name
		ououo (thin/ hunter)
	
	
	thinness is further stigmatized out of desperation
	
	culture - 
		a culture of grouping
	groups ranked - best - worst
		fatties, the in-group
		hunter, multiple groups
		thins, excommunicated
	
	identify bad things -
		ululate ou (ow)
	
	1.4
	
	discovery - trappable animals
	
	revolution - hunters begin a booming culture
	
	refinement - imitating the natural traps
	
	new job - trapper
		tries to catch similar animals in one local area
	
	new artisan - trainer trapper
		called k'ouo
		
		shows anyone the trapper skill out of delight
		
		
	
	
	job separation
		trapper (animal farmer)
		hunter (animal finder)
		
		scavenger
			picks up dead animals and free growing vegetation
	
	1.5
	
	hunter towns (pop 250)
		a mix of thin and hunters
	
	scavengers (pop 15)
		a mix of "fat" upper class.
		now they are becoming thinner
		
	conflict - grossly outnumbering fat scavengers the thinner people stop contributing.
	
	1.6
	culture shift - fat scavengers become trappers if they can
	
	class divide - 
		fat - revered people in individual tribes are notably fatter, and receive gifts
		worker - people who enjoy work
		moderate - people who raise children and work some of the time
	
	1.7
	conflict - class strife
		fat v moderate
		fat people entice moderates and begin to quarrel as their behavior is similar, but their treatment is different
	
	1.8
	discrimination
		workers are discriminated, despite the fat v moderate divide a scapegoat is determined
	
	New class - 
		nobles
		commoner
		
	land claims
		The nobles declare land arbitrarily
	land deprivation
		commoners can no longer rest on land owned by the nobles
	migration
		commoners leave the ancestral easily habitable landscape and form nomadic tribes
		
		The nomadic tribes call themself uoukok, eventually.
		
	
	2.0
	Nomads split off and form uoukok, which comes to mean nomad
	
	???.???
	conflict - omen
	
		Large vicious animals appear endemic on the land of the nobles which drives them into a corner.
		
	conflict - culture extinction
		Sometime after they grow thin, nomadic tribes encounter
		the nobles and wipe them out.
		
uoukok (means: nomad)
	2.1
	Meritocracy - competition, and increases secrecy inside tribes. Artisans are coveted and knowledge is shared less often.
(end/ timescape nomad) begin Lago seed (see training)
	
	2.2
	Lore is heavily sought. Lore is used economically, to define a tribe and determine ancestry.
	
	new artisan - loremaster
		shek'kk'k (or shek)
		aka the chieftain
		a loremaster will teach another and they'll split, while retaining their old lore.
		the ones who attempt to stray from meritocracy have weaker loremasters
	
	new artisan - loremason
		merit ranks: 
			kuokos, kuos, sheuok, sheuo
		merit words: k'k'k, kok, ooouuu, u'uo (demerit)
		
		aka storyteller
		They craft highly engaging stories based on current events and formulate massive banks of redundant words, forming a thick sense of understanding
		
	2.3
	merit demands, morality -
	
	Society splits the loremason ranks by merit.  The loremason profession is somewhat useless if anyone can do it.  Storytellers are either entertaining, truthful, or they're demerited, thieves.
	
	shek - chief, only needs to remember one story so split tribes will identify
	
	kuokos - medicine man, knows visual rituals and is very fat and entertaining
	
	kuos - wise fortune teller
		May memorize stories including the shek's. Authority on recent events. Predicts future events with startling accuracy.  Tells past events in clarity.
	
	sheuok - liar / storyteller
	
		Seen as something of a stupid kuos. The rank is the extreme low of society, lower than a child. Takes charge of kuos's job if allowed.
		
		Frequently tell omens and mistake facts while omitting important details.
	
	sheuo - cheater / thief
		
		Being branded a sheuo is a threat and a life sentence if you're outcast.  They are branded with mental disorders and kept thin before being ostracized.
	
	Conflict - culture purge
		Many stories told are dismissed as the few remaining hunters begin to teach children.  Some of the children have a rebellious nature and the stories are blamed.
		
	2.4
		
	masteries in hunting emerge, greatly diversifying artisans and making merit murky among hunters
	
	weapons
		thrown rocks, sticks, quickly built traps are safer than hand to hand combat
		
	leadership	
		The numbers who follow one fair leader often do well.
	
		They use symbols, along with language to convey meaning.  Some leaders even tell stories of seemingly impossible feats, and they give merit to the sacrifice.
	
	penance enhancement
		merit is granted to anyone who accomplishes goals. Even greater merit to those who endure absurd penance.
		
		Physically the penance shows on their body.  Their skill greatly improves overall.  It becomes a form of self teaching.
		
	duels
		peer to peer training is accomplishes through safe duels. Highly technical dances and coordinated acrobatic feats rise as well as brutal endurance.
		
	2.5
	Internal conflict / tribal war
	Tribes with hunting mastery take over tribes that are failing.  This also results in tribal warfare, when some simply wish to battle at full force, which they cannot do in their own tribe without demerit.
	
	dominant strategy 
		stabbing becomes the easiest way to kill opponents
	emergence
		social manipulation rises.  A bloodless coup, by stealing a tribe's story and making false claims against the chief are as good as stabbing one to death.
	
	Animal territory conflict
		attacking animals and removing deadlier ones from future nomadic lands makes various tribe survival easier.
		
	2.6
	Stories about dangerous animals, great warrior, and the tribes who defeat them dominate the mental landscapes. The defeated are forgotten.
	
	culture advancement? - Bloodsports involving murdering more and more dangerous animals emerge.
	
	2.7
	Religious rivalry - Symbolizing great beasts, tribes form a religion. Rivalry among tribes to uplift their symbol taking precedence over attacking any other's animal symbol.
	
	Lore Shift- Storytellers begin to embrace spirit animals, and tell of speaking with them for guidance.
	
	3.0
	other species emerge, called collectively Ouvat  They are unable to mix without mutation due to inbreeding and split off.
	
	2.8
	
	Art Trend (animal biology)-
	Artisan, Biologist-
	
	Animal variety is closely examined.  The bio. report the observations among their tribe. 
	
	Metaphors are concocted to bolster someone's appeal with the same observations. Metaphorical descriptions are more symbolic, through ornate display. A token is taken from an animal and worn as garb.
	
	Crime, Theft-
	Specifically theft of a symbol.  Despite its high rate of occurrence it is low threat since it's said "we take from animals."
	
	2.9
	
	Crime, Pretenders-
	A new kind of cheat. Someone who's committed theft and worn the symbol as their own.
	
	They will commit many atrocities to increase their standing in various tribes. Always, the token stolen is displayed outside the victimized tribe, so it's unrecognized.
	
	Refined Observation - Animal behaviorism
	
	Rather than what animals look like, the observations become more of a mimicry game.
	
	New artisan - Beast warrior
	
	As a means to assert dominance daily.  Refined "combat sports" take precedence among skilled hunters who seek entertainment.
	
	The combat skills of animals, although nonlethal, can be adapted for lethal means against those who are without. Butting heads, scratching, wrestling. All martial disciplines falling under animal behavior, and combat.
	
	
	New trend - entertainment, combat spots
	
	2.10
	new artisan - Beastman
	A beast warrior who's fully fledged and seeks personal entertainment by fighting animals, sometimes bare handed.
	
	Conflict - weak hunters
	
	The most common activity, hunting, is seen as a necessity. But newer weaker hunters are determental in the face of experienced beast warriors.  Although they accomplish their goal, taking down even large animals, they don't do it with finesse.
	
	Due to this trouble the Beastmen and Beast warriors shun weak hunters.  In almost any conflict the weak hunters are overwhelmed by force, regardless of numbers, technical sports dominate firepower and low skill weapon mastery.
	
	Note: weapons are probably stronger than beastmen but to risk killing such entertaining warriros is foolish
	
	Resolution - restrict hunters
	
	Only feast occasions give hunters a chance to display skill. The rest of the time they practice for a chance to become skilled. This res. allows the beast warriors to die or rise against warrior animals.  Te beastmen bring huge bounties of meat and gain merit daily, proving their insurmountable skill.
	
	2.11
	Historical Renaissance (Lago)- Time of Penance
	
	This time is marked by the death of species. Animals purged from the land. Massive beastman emergence, tribal, violent, quick to enmity.  Highly technical warfare.
	
	Finally, a nature of penance and symbols of great deeds arise.
	
	New artisans - 
		Symbol craftsman (word: k'aan)
		Priest (Symbolic, hsa)
		Preacher (Ref. Storyteller, Symbols, hsaou), aka teacher
		Warlord
		Butcher (vulgar, ommou)
		Monk (discipline, kssa)
	Tribe ranked professions -
		Chieftain
		Medicine Man
		Storyteller
		Bungler / Idiot
		
	Meritocratic Arts -
		Cheater (high risk, high interpretation skill, the exsitence is covert and dangerous)
		
		Beast
			Beastman
			Beast Warrior
		Hunter
		
		Thief (failed cheater)
		Poisoner

	Slang - 
		Beast (k'krii like a shriek of fear and envy)
		
	
	Symbol Craft
	Symbol craftsmen blossom out of almost every tribe. They use old hand-down weapons as tools in their youths form carvings. Symbols boast the image of an animal, or a tribe, and enamor all.
	
	Thief
	The jealousy, the greed that erupted out of have and have-not spurned greater meaning of Theft, and punishment.
	
	(penance doctrine)
	All those who observe the impure motives in others see it in themselves as well. They take on secluded lives for years, and even continue solitary training.
	
	Priest
	Priests take up symbol worship. A high levelled craftsman forms the base of their faith.  The priest tends to the symbol for life, seen as a servant, they become prized for their lack of ambition and trustworthiness.
	
	Preacher
	Activists of faith. They extoll the virtues of the symbol directly to the public.  They also scrap for food and wealth without care for their own good.
	
	Monk
	Individuals who seek reclusion to the extreme. Ambition and wealth are seen as vulgar.  Monks themselves hold their own personal beliefs.
	
	Cheater
	With the theft of symbols and lore, a very intelligent thief can pass off as anyone.  They even use a rare high level interpretation skill.
	
	Poisoner / Butcher
	Disregarding life, few kill for sport.  They can easily find a place in this time of discord.
	
	
	"Story of the renaissance"
	Having killed off many dangerous animals Beastmen and warriors are collectively "Beast." Seeing how they are the most dangerous force known.
	
	The weakened tribes with thin useless members are limited to unskilled hunters.  The weaklings gradually recognize their impending doom and take up symbols, penance, religious views.  Some gifted individuals who would otherwise perish in hopeless flourish.
	
	With the stage set, intrigue sets afoot among tribes.
	
	The warmongers, chieftains and priests who take up death gods become the embodied symbol of anger, and synonymous with Beasts.  This enrages Beasts, and furthers their destructive nature.
	
	Few Beasts take up penance, even for a short while, and those who do hone their art with the help of a few teachers.  After acquiring said skills, the renown of penant individuals skyrockets. 
	
	Deadly Beast counterparts who emerge from penance display absurd robustness in every corner of the world and become Warlord.
	
	2.12
	Historical Renaissance (Lago)- Time of Du'u'uo
	
	The economy is unstable, thinness is a great danger.  Beast and Uoukok fear luck, symbols, the unknown.  Due to exhaustion the desires of respected artisans have lessened.  A fear of death remains.
	
	So not to appear wealthy, and display humility, everyone greets with a sorrow-filled tone of Duuuo.
	
	Penance is called du'u'uo, but the ones who endure it are named k'iii.
	
	Any breath of Beast or Warlord is hushed and taboo.  They, in the face of destiny, are the bringers of change (word inflected as "ouk?").
	
	K'iii are those who fear nothing. They seem to accomplish feats of strength and knowledge beyond Uoukok or Beast. They are the symbol of Ouk (god of change).
	
	The tradition of life is one of torment and distrust. Life is merely pain for some. Death is a welcome change.  This story, and stories like it are spread like wildfire, even among those unaffected.
	
	2.13
	Dawn of civilization
	
	Outbranching cultures of the Doukok disavow Beast traditions. Symbolism and craft swell, along with penance.
	
	Interpreting the meaning of Uoukok, they call this way of life "kok" for "good" and "uou" for "evil".
	
	High level manipulation and idolizing of symbols persuade people that penance is the kok way. 
	
	Abstract meanings are all split between kok and uou.
	
	Hunters and scavengers are absentminded Duokok, their duality is good and evil in small doses.  The Beast (k'krii) are pure evil uou.  To recognize and avoid appearing uou is to embrace kok.
	
	Note: in this setting Cheaters and their skilled interpretation are granted incredibly low risk, high reward.  Even bumbling storytellers are granted reprieve.
	
	
	Valued "good" behaviors (Lago)
	
	Penance - Caretaking, farming, cleaning, hand reaching symbolic of listening
	
	Crafting - Altars, peace totems - said to imbue strength, courage, etc
	
	Prayer - Claims of visions, empowerment, miracles from prayer make this action popular
	
	Teaching - To share knowledge with others.
	
	Lore - Not only to share, but interpret symbols and other tribal behaviors.
		Lore masters are more often capable of diplomacy than any other artisan.
	
	Valued "bad"
	War - The change beast brings
	Pain 
	Symbol dessecration - Although this becomes very common during this time.
	
	
	Prominent Cultures - 
		Symbiosis, natural or abstract
		Diplomacy, trade
		Science, xenology
		Religion, symbol
		Penance, craft
		Lore, storytelling
		
		
	The roots of civilization for (Lago) the Uoukok begin here. 
	
3.0 Lago seed
	
	Through conflicts they've discovered a distate for danger.
	
	Through merit and obsession they've emerged a civilization.
	
	The artisans spill into teaching, and their skills are spread almost evenly so that each remaining soul gets a piece of the original sin.
	
	
	3.1 - Emergence of Lago Religion, or "Kok"
	
	Prophets and craftsmen of kok begin to walk as Uoukok do.  In the face of logic honed and wielded through rhetoric, their actions are boundless.
	
	They all encounter different things that empower them, they all know it is kok, but still, they aren't kok.
	
	
	3.2 Emergence of Lago Symbiosis
	
	Large groups of symbolic worship gain strange powers. Those reaching to the stars are set on by star aliens.  Those caretaking trees are seen conversing, and learning akin to child and mother.
	
	Any great worship are soon wont for nothing.  Almost to a fault.  They still respond to other Uoukok in turn, act as channels and guides through the world.
	
	3.3 Lago Knowledge - Penance, Symbol Craft, Trade, Diplomacy, Lore, and Science
	
	A great number of artisans over time discover perfection has a cost. Practice over time is almost required to find truth and true knowledge.  This practice makes worldly goods almost meaningless.
	
	Knowledge is power.
	
	3.4 Conflict - The defiler
	
	In time the power laden symbols are defiled by an unknown entity. This unheard of act changes the view of symbols to something not just worth worshipping, but now capable of being destroyed, they must be protected.
	
	Fully enabling defilers of symbols to determine a danger to their ways of life, they find it's real.
	
	Uoukok seek outer-alien cultures for greater knowledge, and preparation for survival.  They seek symbols on all planets as a means for symbiotic survival.
	
	
	??? Open for improvement