divisible
	

	final name
		""
		divisible
		""
		
	skill - 
		multiply
		make heat
		
	name - cell
	
	0.1
	conflict - suspended fluid
	adaptation - growth
	0.2
	conflict - nemesis
	adapt - communicate, rapid growth
	
	1.0
	Skip along the evolution to multiple cell organism
	
	rename - bacteria
	adapt - cell walls
	
	World dominated
	
	2.0
	
	conflict - poison
	adapt - poison resistant life
	
	3.0
	
	mutation - optimized cells
	rename - cannibal
	
	(following this logic it's similar to earth)
	4.0
	
	mutations - 4th dimension mitosis, cellivore (4th dimension feeding)
	
	rename - 1st prestige "quantum life"
	
	4.1
	
	growth to edge of accessible environment "alien conquest"
	
	4.2
	growth beyond edge of accessible environment "migration"
	
	random interlocking mitosis conflicts with fauna and flora
	
	5
	co-evolution with fauna and flora
	
	rename - 2nd prestige "ghost"
	
	5.1
	current world state:
	higher life is like a tangled weed
	macro-scaled organisms (not pretty to look at)
	fauna and flora
	streamlined versions (smaller, and even worse looking)
	
	Ghost bacteria strewn about is second most common life, after the streamlined airborn poison producing stuff
	
	5.2
	
	A higher lifeform establishes a form of eating behavior pattern that out-paces ghost multiplication speed
	
	6
	
	mutation
	faster multiplying
	
	conflict - all life dies
	
	6.1
	
	conflict - most ghost dies
	
	7
	repeating cycles of evolution until -
	
	parasitic lifeform feeds from ghost
	
	8
	life renews
	
	9
	conflict - macrophages
	eats its own flesh, eating the ghosts
	
	the self digesting life are composed of ghost, parasites, and their own cells
	
	10
	conflict -
	viral infection attacking ghost
	
	11
	size of complex entities increase
	complex neurological bodies form
	
	life encounters discomfort, and it is deemed sentient
	
	ghost enters the nerves of sentient life
	
	12
	competing forms of sentient life diverge
	herbivorous, carnivorous, etc.
	
	competing forms of ghost evolve
	
	communal ghost transmit short distances and show sympathetic 'share' tactics
	
	13
	mutation - A neurological cell of ghost begins to control connecting cells through a network of bacteria and nerves
	
	rename - 3rd Prestige "gears"
	
	13.1
	INTELLIGENCE EXPLOSION
	the hosts easiest to manipulate are the first to be modified. They didn't suffer sentience. Ghosts easily programmed controls into it.
	
	they worked their way to mastery of biology at the speed of artificial intelligence. the memory of all life was accessible in an instant telepathic communication
	
	13.2
	Varying populations of kin resembling mass deaths are observed killing the host organism. Exotic parasites are unpleasant.
	
	Disease control is impossible, and the optimal life expectancy and time to transfer memory is calculated. At that time they share their memory with their next of kin, cloning their mind.
	
	14
	
	new life - independent host
	An uplifted species with cells that can self-regulate divergent.
	
	This new life can reject the communication, preserving individuality. It was bio-engineered by the 'mother'.
	
	Their first individuals move slowly and eat dirt and tonnes of plants.
	
	14.1
	
	Individuals are produced in many subjects and manners.
	
	Rather than a single host per individual, a group of minds form per host and this 'divergent' thought colony production becomes a way to rapidly increase sense of self.
	
	14.2
	
	A rapid EXPLOSION of counterfeit, and cannibal colonies repeatedly destroy and recreate the divergent species.
	
	14.3
	
	A single vaccinating thought of paranoia stops the greatest threat against individuals.
	
	14.4
	
	A massive 'demon brain' entity takes over vulnerable hosts and it retains them with low processing.
	
	This is when 'sentient' can take on a new meaning. The individuals uplift their host to avoid getting killed by the demon.
	
	14.5
	
	Autonomous hosts are produced and despite the indirect communication, recognized as 'guardians'
	
	Some still contain demon brain colonies
	
	14.6
	
	A 'tribal' war begins. Individuals, paranoid, untrusting; fight, diplomacy, and fall prey to the demon.
	
	Greater minds... a form of antivirus that observes colony behaviors.
	
	14.7
	
	Some great internal war. Purging the demon completely from each guardian, or killing the guardian in the process.
	
	.
	The rate all this happens within a host is instantaneous. Communication across hosts takes some time.
	
	15
	guardians and their food sources mutate gradually until the environment is a danger
	
	conflict - weather, food, technology
	
	15.1
	
	guardians adapt to use tools to gather food
	bury themselves
	hide from conflict and weather
	
	16
	extinction of ancient demon virus primarily due to weakened hosts
	
	mutation - dormant demon virus cells
	
	17
	paranoia among divergent cells lessens
	
	conflict - psychic guardians are forced to empathetic bonds of nature
	
	17.1
	
	tribal hostility ends
	
	17.2
	
	the great peace movement begins without a conscious thought from a guardian as the individuality of weakened gears are lost
	
	sentient food is safeguarded
	
	17.3
	
	Some individuals eat sentient foods, causing pain in unified entities
	
	invention - Physical communication
	
	those in communication and in pain begin to display social habits
	
	18
	
	conflict - Individual Development
	"Consciousness"
	Psychological Traits that increase survival prove to win over altruism
	
	rename - divisible "Final"
	
	18.1
	
	conflicts - 
		telepathy
		blending
		racism (multiple guardian races)
		ideology
		eugenic (physical, psychological)
	
	individualism is an observable phenomenon
		
	18.2
	conflict - demon virus outbreak
	
		the dormant demon virus is awakened and mutates
		
		unity takes on an offensive meaning
		
	18.3
	technology - language
		basic recognition of organized vocalization
		
	morality?
	language identifies friend and foe, sometimes being cute...
	
	18.4
	mutation - gradually most animals size reduces
	
	tech - early civilization
		organized groups
		fighting
		boundaries
		construction
		basic tool (clothes, bags)
		
	18.5
	advancements until... 
		medicine
		
	observing cell mitosis
	
	parasite removal greatly extends life
	###
	the health of individuals can easily be seen on their skin, but it is the same for all things
	
	after removing parasite the change is reversed until the mitosis occurs again, this procedure results in massive life extension
	###
	
	18.6
	genetics is cracked 
	
	different cells observed
	demon, ghost, gear
	
	"all things touch" 
		a media is published 
		theories why similar populations all die at the same time
	
	"solo mode"
		a lot of individuals with parasite therapy start living in secluded regions
		
		this may also include rich people who are tribal
		
	18.7
	"psycho biosis"
		a form of telekenisis, and energy production common in guardians
		
	research into psycho bioenhancement
	
	18.8
	
	tech
		4th dimension connection
		4th connection
		'4c'
	
	the quantum trial and error
	
	18.9
	
	conflict - war 
	"Demon War"
	
	the viral cell known as demon were a common enemy 
	any interaction is incredibly dangerous due to the infectious nature and the quick loss of individuals
	
	tech - growth from wars increased ways to fight without direct contact
	
	eventually the war ended but the myth of a demon possessing friends and strangers remained
	
	18.10
	
	tech - unique skill of the divergent race
	
	"divergence"
	
	the phenomenon of 4d mitosis was observable in some individuals
	
	the split individuals retained a direct connection which never completely fades
	
	"re entry"
	
	death of a divergent body, the cells will attempt to retreat to living bodies which directly affect and weaken them
	
	"emergence"
	
	a manipulation of one's own ghost cells. near instantaneous regenerative abilities, as well has a host of self-induced biological mutations.
	
	"murmur"
	
	a transmission of gear cells. transmission of information to others
	
	"demon virus"
	
	all infected by demon cells carry this burden until they give in.
	
	may be malignant, dormant, or infectious at any point.
	
	TIMELINE SUMMARY
	~ 
	0 Single celled life 'cell'
	
	4 Quantum transmission
	
	5 Fauna and Flora inclusion
	prestige 2 ghost
	
	7 Parasite becomes killer of ghost cell
	
	11 Sentient giants
	
	13 prestige 3 gear
	Uniform data is transmitted through networks of gears
	Data found in sentient life drastically increases
	
	14 independence
	strife
	demon brain nemesis
	tribalism 'greater minds'
	
	15 optimizing and environment struggle
	
	16 demon virus weakens, becomes dormant
	
	17 great peace (and veganism)
	
	18 prestige final divisible
	the modern era