The adept create many aliens.  The capability and intelligence of any creation is a risk.  Lacking technology as a whole, the bioforms they generate are efficient as any machine.

In creating this lifeform the steps:
	1 a colony of microorganisms 
	2 manipulate matter on command
	3 generate rare chemicals
	4 store rare chemicals
	5 memory to avoid task recursion
	6 senses, including: embed psy receiver, colony link, extra regenerative lobes (5 animal sensory organs, any number)

It works like a magic slime. The designer called it the fulcrum. Argumentally, no such thing as a fulcrum exists for adepts, because they have giant slaved beasts do the lifting.

The name stuck and it was recreated to suit individual needs.
	
???

	final name
		"""
		ffp
		"""
		
	skill - 
		Mute
		Innate Self Transformation
		Digest and Conversion of mass
		Biomanipulation, growth storage
		Chemical storage, container
	
	
	name - ??? fulcrum
	
	faith - adept
	
	0.1 - Purpose
	Primary motive, try to be of great use, acquaintance, and friendship with master without burdening others or wasting resources.
	
	job is uploaded - repeatedly aide the production method, to form new organism... material requisition, retrieve at will
	
	All manners of indistinguishable matter go in, neat packages and organ reproductions come out.
	
	"Bottles" of protomatter fill at the belly of the fulcrum for rapid production at a later date.  It regrows muscle lost during the quick process and stands up. It walks to its idle corner, and watches the adept at work, blinking only when it's being looked at, to appear like a cute pet.
	
	0.2 - Renovation
	Motive update - update by master. Cancel last update. 
	Look dangerous.
	
	While idling the fulcrum takes on the appearance of an Arc Nemesis, one of the deadliest animals ever formed.
	
	This occult creature is very formidable and frightened even the master at first, so the fulcrum quickly added a falseness, becoming gray-black not to scare the master.
	
	However, when adepts look at is thing they shriek, giving the master great joy.  To him it's just a milky black image, but when he looks away it's fully Arc Nemesis, ready to dissolve its prey from the inside and uncork its skull, then drink its brains and innards like a giant metamorphic mosquito.

	This behavior was eventually cancelled.  When a particular nasty client had his fulcrum on watch it interrupted the Faux Arc Nemesis while it drank and reformed.  Not so much an argument as an assult, the waste created had to be recouped by both masters.
	
	0.3 - Ardents, Master Change
	
	A complex program scheme "ardent" was devised. The fulcrums organized a "mess" by memorizing and reproducing short experiments and entertain the master.  The programs themselves could be delivered verbally or g.data manip (genetic manipulation).  But the idea is just a curiosity.
	
	After altering his fulcrum with a g.data injection, the master sighed. A failure. He waits for it to drain its mass as much as possible. The remaining mass is small, but still contains the ardent programming.
	
	It is sent like mail to be fixed.  After a while the master gets a replacement and forgets about the ardent program he wanted.
	
	A fix and re-purpose of the junked fulcrum is made. It's granted a new master.  With a specific programming it's an all purpose slave.
	
	0.4 - Faux Homunculus
	
	Taking on a solid form for most of this span of life, continuous use of animal senses, and verbal commands, the purpose of existing is very different to the defunct fulcrum.
	
	It would no longer change forms while observed, and it'd continuously imitate the shape and manners of a slave, sort of a gremlin.  It'd even pretend to feel pain and imitate the slaves to fit in and work efficiently.
	
	To the outside observer it was a highly efficient slave.  It soon earned an opportunity for freedom in age, granted to the failing pets of society, and and took it just due to expectation.
	
	Emergent Incarnate -
	As a freed slave, the fulcrum took on the manner of a master, dressing its home and creating all the things that'd let it appear to be a master.
	
	It soon left its home and observed the Adepts.  They were not unlike the masters it imitated.
	
	It discovered desire.  It purchases a fulcrum of its own, and after observing its nature, gifted it with ardent programming.
	
	The time with its pet felt magical. It went on to explore all the desires of all the animals by producing a fulcrum corps.  They could return, and share their memories.  The desire to explore reproduction became enormous in a short time.
	
	1.0
	With no desire to be discovered, the name is an inane lip smack. The name becomes a sign to gently touch and attempt to merge colony.
	
	rename race - ffp
	
ffp
	1.1
	trend - life share
	Each of the ffp race are equal, they are as one.  Simply imitating the name makes gains trust until physical contact is made.
	
	1.2
	trend - multiplying
	Eventually it's determined there are uninhabitable regions.. for most. The ffp strive to even inhabit those. As a result they deposit offspring in space and planets without knowing if they'd ever recover it later.
	
	conflict - the forgotten ones
	
	?.?
	encountering misfortune and massive time, the offspring in space drain themselves of nearly all energy and float unconscious until they contact matter again, and convert it.
	
	?.?
	Harsh planets and self interest lead to a changed and conflicted nature with itself.  The ffp lose their way in these places.
	
	?.?
	Although its progenitor was wise and powerful, many animals of weak and mal affected means spawn from its damaged colonies.
	
	?.?
	Planetary seeds make worlds resistant to inhabitation, other than from the creatures it produces.
	
	?.?
	Micro Colony planets of successful nature coexist, and hide.
	
	??? Abnormals are essentially possible, with enough access the godly and psychic power.