First: Eclaire
Last: Smith
Age: 9

School description:
She rarely visits for anything besides testingp. The school's presence is a reminder that Eclaire lives in a rigid faccimilie of the outside world. The rest of the children going to the school, and herself, have a hard time when it makes no sense.

School Location: Mid NE
House Location: NE

Family History:
Born in Mid Shather's hospital. She lives with her parents and her grandparents.

Her mother Trianna age 31 born Trianna Izzum specializes in cooking and glass wares. Her father Bendamion age 33 is a farmer who inherited the farm they currently live at from his parents.

Her elders live with her. The grandmother Crosanna age 58 born Crosanna garde Luch is a botanist working on an equal feed animal spectrum farming plan so the animals get a fair share of the land. The grandfather age 51 Jerry born Jeref Smith is a doctor retired who helps Crosanna, he is Bendamion's biological uncle.

Personal History:

Eclaire is homeschooled 4 days of the week and goes to school 1 day of the week to be graded. She attempts to make friends at the school and daycares.  Her grades are average for Shather's standard, and rather than a letter grade they're simply tested for final ability.

She has few world accomplishments, but is gaining an interest in training the Grumpy bunnies, a wild bunch who are tame.  A rogue bunny named Cooper who lives in the household presents a challenge for her at her age.

Other:
exercises energetically outside, running and attempting gymnastics
trains in calisthenics with her father
helps her mother in the kitchen
is not allowed near the work-chambers of the house because of danger

	Farm:
	It exists to be harvested by man and animal alike. It extends the bottom tree wilderness by several miles. It's run in part by the black bunnies. Other non-bunny animals find plenty of food.

	The Grumpies are an offshoot evolution of the black bunnies that can't survive without intervention.

Appearance:
sunglasses for outside
has bike but only rides away from home with a chaperone

Secrets:
talks to the Grumpies
intentionally does not talk with Cooper, but treats him like a plain dumb bunny using silly nicknames and mocking tones just to irritate him.

has begun exprimenting with magic pictures, a skill that is popular with the children and only poses a nuisance to adults.