Who is Miss Kimyaka?

First: Macy
Last: Kimyaka
Age: 42

Family History:
	Lives in the NE outskirts of Middle Shather. Originally her family moved to Shather from the outside world and fell in love with its scenic view. Despite their foreign appearance and values, they were welcomed. They have lived there for a long time.

	Father works at a depot, originally a car salesman. Mother works as a clerk, originally a house salesman. They have lies in their blood.

Personal History: 
	After moving to Shather Macy started going to school. She was not aware of the difference between school in Shather and the outside world. Her parents had her homeschooled to save her innocence and then further tutored her until they decided to move here, where it was decided the influence of the town was very positive.

	Despite the positive influence of the citizens, it turned out that her homeschooling supported her inadquately for socializing with the othe children and she began to live a lie until future delinquency. She dropped out of school soon after highschool began and began her work at a bakery.

Other:
	Foreigner
	
	She has many, MANY friends, and pretends to know people she doesn't so she can introduce herself like an old friend.

	She has a bike and a moped depending on the distance she will travel.

Appearance:
	She usually fits in with the current fashion trends, and she sets the trends for her social circle.
	By this age in her life she still appears to be 20-something and she hangs out with 20-somethings who have similar fashion.

Personality:
	Although she keeps a superficial excellence about herself, it is clear she lacks character to anyone who cares. 

Secrets:
	She's had plastic surgery done several times.
	She's overlooked truth in situations that benefitted her public appearance more often than she can remember.
	The animals in Shather won't approach her, nevermind socialize with her.
	The people in Shather mostly keep a secret from her, so she blames them when she keeps secrets.
	Her age is a secret and she often avoids telling people her age, to resume a 20-something mindset.