Guardian of Cooper

First: Trianna
Last: Smith
Age; 31
Job Description(s): Housewife
Job Location: NE
House Location: NE

Family History:
Born Trianna Izzum now Trianna Smith married to Bendamion Smith age 33. She lives on a farm with her daughter Eclaire Smith, her husband, and her husband's parents.

Her father 64 years old Mark Izzum lives in upper Shather. Her mother 57 years old Brenda Izzum born Brenda Szetz now lives separated also in upper Shather as a spiritual marker.


[See child Eclaire Smith for more info.] age 9.

Personal History:
Trianna was raised in Upper Shather by her biological parents as an apprentice prism scholar and then moved to Lower West Shather. Her schooling was exemplary in all affairs.

Her desire to stay in Lower Shather became clear by age 14. She stayed there with the Souths for a very brief time in Southeast Shather after age 21. She met Bedamin soon there and moved in with him in his farm in Northeast Shather and fell in love with the bunnies and her hobby of cooking.

Trianna is also an accomplished artisan.
	1.	Cook, she learned cooking on her own.
	2. 	Glass, she apprenticed at a glass factory.
	3.	Prism scholar, she visited upper Shather and learned about prismatics
	4.	Painter, she is fully aware of the magic paper at school. She paints both graphical and an assortment of physical mediums.
	5.	Plays music, violin is what she plays for amusement. She was tutored at an early age and so she has her daughter Eclaire do as well.

Other:
happily married, she often gives her husband the benefits of her unique talents
	she cooks
	she applies prism magic to be sure he's healthy
she entertains guests with music and painting
When a Grumpy bunny grows old and wants to die she or her husband comfort and help it.

Appearance:
She has had children so she's a few cup-sizes large.
She has a full belly.
She wears loose shirts and a bra for most occasions, not special occasions
pants for outdoor work
a skirt to avoid showing off her butt in public
She dislikes traveling for work, but travels for fun

Secrets:
She has a few prism remedies among other potent spells locked away.