
So today I saw some hot fuckin bitch. She was a colleague at my office. I wanted her ass so bad the moment I saw her bending over next to a chair.

I took a quick peek around and confirming nobody watched I put my hand down my pants. God, I could see her ass straight through her pants. It was like a veritable flesh light ready to wring my meat while the wet snatch was like a gorge of lubricant.

She started for a moment, so I pulled my hand out of my pants. I pretended to be looking the other way, just for a moment. Then I turned back and smiled at her. 

"Hello there. I don't remember seeing you at the orientation." I said that, when I damn well knew I didn't even go to the orientation, so that I could make my personal touch for each female I met, one at a time.

"No, I think the orientation is next week." She responds.

What a glib bitch. I think I'm going to enjoy reaming her with every inch of my stiffness right up her asshole.

"I think your bag is open a bit too much" I stated, clearly indicating with my eyes her purse. "Do you think it's appropriate to bring that to work?"

She looked down and seemed to recognize something in the bag which would cause her embarrassment. "Oh dear, no, I didn't know that would be a problem."

The look of impatience clearly broke across my face when I said my next line. "Please, don't tell me." I then stood up and walked over to impose my throbbing cock in front of her, while it remained hidden in my pants, the effect was beautiful, I almost lost it then.

She looked up at me like a little girl, innocently, her lips puckering slightly, maybe she even had a tear, or the light just reflected in her eyes oddly at this angle. I had my crotch practically stuffed right under her nose before I stopped.

Then I bent over and picked up her bag. "What was it she had here?" I wondered. It turned out to be some hand lotion. So I took a step back, as she verily began to reel from the assault, I didn't want her fighting me on this.

"Listen, if this lotion gets all over the keyboards, it'll ruin it. Why do you need this?"

"The dry air affects my skin. I wasn't going to take the bottle out."

I lowered my voice as if I were embarrassed just having to tell her about this. "You should know better." As if an afterthought, "Show me your hands," I insisted.

She does this.

I pour the lotion on her hands. Clearly too much, which makes her look shocked.

"This is what it's for right?"

"Stop, stop" She began to whine. Yeah, the white lubricant in her hands looked like a load of cum just poured out, but it wasn't foamy enough. 

I bend down and almost drop the bottle. But then carefully place it in the purse. My goal is to have her use that lotion. 

"The way I see it, you are in trouble if you spill that lotion." I place my hand on her shoulder and roughly push her down, a little at a time while I walk. "You get one drop of it on the carpet and it's all in your hands. You need to do what I say now"

She nods her head, clearly broken. She is now bent over enough that the crack of her ass is visible in her stretchy pants. My hard-on catches, so I make a move from my hand to to unfasten my pants.

She said "uhgn" or some other inaudible noise. My pants are off and my 10 inch cock is in view. She can almost taste it, and I feel a pulsating in my groin as I remove the last layer of clothing hiding it.

"Slap!" My dick springs out and smacks her in her face. Her hands move up like she's going to fight it and she rubs the lotion along my shaft. Her hands are actually quite soft after the lotion bath they're slippery and she unintentionally pumps my dick, which responds with a twitch.

"See what you just did." I said, a bit of excitement in my voice. The situation suddenly becoming comical to us both, as she can't help but chirp a little laughter out.

"Don't laugh. Don't laugh" I quietly reinforce this should be embarrassing. She's hunkered over and rubbing lubricant along my dick, so I must say phase one complete. Get her to touch my meat rod.

I pull up my pants after her hands steady. A little smile passing from my lips to hers. I think she's in my boat already, never mind hooking her.

I silently went back to my chair and proceeded to pretend to be just as embarrassed as her at the mishap.


I think I just caught this new office cunt in a clever little trap, but I need to seal the deal now.