Ancient is the virtual world where many youth go to enjoy themselves.

Devil's Chant is a raid party.


Squad 1 are high rankers of a guild
Ellie f leader is an ice maniac with the body of ice and master level skills
Dromon is healer, items specialist
Malice is tank, physically built meat shield with twisted demonic armor skills
Embel f is an artificer who specializes in weapon buffs but comes along to identify new items

Squad 2 are 20+ high leveler of various thrill seeking professions eg warrior, cannoner, lightning devil (assault classes).  They carry their own independent strategy.

Devil's Chant enters the Ancient's boss raid dungeon Nymph's Den.

The event related to Nymph's Den was set up by the company running Ancient and all surprises are meant to be fully enjoyable. Said the pending release announcement.

The initial hallway is dark like a castle in the morning. There is an ambient light and flickering shadows through windows.  A dimming and lighting effect as though there are hidden clouds.

Although the room is bare there are several traps. A merc treasure hunter clears the traps and they proceed without trouble.

In the next room is a skylight and the clouds and ghostly light above give everyone a sultry feeling.

"This is so nice a feeling."

Some of the mercs split off in this room. They're probably prending to go offline or fucking.  Yes, sex is possible.  The stragglers are ignored since the dungeon is advert. to scale to group power.

There is another hall.

The next room has doors that look like they'll spring open from a trap.  

"This looks like a loot fight." Art.

After roughly 5 of the party stand on individual plates the doors open in front of them. Some decorative animations run and the doors slide open releasing smoke particles.

Out step 5 beautiful decoratively skinned women. They're decidedly naked and human, jewelry scales their varying skin.

"Is this a fight"

The women use charm spells.  It's quite effective.  All 5 individuals have sex, and when they're done the onlookers can't hold themselves and they cum all over the women.

There is a significant drop in attendance entering the next room.

Here there is a room full of windows.

From the outside through the windows, short cat-like humanoids sneak in and drop to the floor agily.

"So Cute <3"

It's really fun petting them for a while but the raid party moves on. Some stragglers rejoin.  Several of the cat-boy and cat-girl npcs follow.

