I want to handcuff a woman, expose her vagina, face her towards a wall and let her feel the size of my penis.

I wonder how many positions a woman could be while open to my attacks. I might as well start here, while she's facing the wall.  Her anus could be stuck out, or her butt could be flexed; either way she won't stop what's coming.  Her upper body can be inclined between a full 180 degrees starting from her head relatively low to the floor, and bent backwards.  Her knees could also be bent or straight, kneeling, crouching, standing. Her legs could be closed together, from this angle there's no absolute defense, but her toes must be pointed inward. Her legs could otherwise be spread eagle, and anywhere in between, just enough and the low pressure resistance of my passage would make violation a matter of ease.

What kinds of clothes could this woman wear? Easy answer is anything exposing her panties, and rear. Since I'm not particular about clothing, I suppose I ought to ask a woman. I search online; ok there was a lot of bla about what women want from a man, but the first good ideas came in. If it's comfortable for her, she'll feel sexy. See-through shirts, soft fabrics, laces, lingerie, loose draped clothes, and oh yes 'cute' clothes, like a younger girl would wear. I especially liked the idea of a role playing costume. Also if this woman I'm about to conquer was unaware if it, I suppose she'd be in just about any sweet good outfit from under the sun and in the clubs, with the bottom half adjusted for me.

There are a lot of possibilities, with the notion that 'I want her handcuffed against a wall' and I think I'm going to enjoy that. But what about after she's been burdened by my desires?

No measured amount of my stored up stuff would be inside of her. I'm not really required to concern myself with it. She'd be hot and sweaty, like a rotting fruit.  That beautiful ass I laid my eyes on would be plastered with gunk.  I suppose the rigth thing to do is to get a wet towel and wipe her down, but then again... I could leave her there, I never said where I'd do it. This is like, having sex in public and humiliating her, but that would be quite inhumane.  I think I'd blindfold her and then place her on the toilet and go take a nap, yeah that's the likely truth.