Mr. Brookis enters office terminal.
He looks at Chrissy the coworker sitting at her desk. There are several others. He immediately spots her sheer bra and two monumental protrusions through her light weighted shirt. "Ms." "yes" she responded to his gaze in her direction without skipping a beat doing her work. He drew closer and spoke in a confidentail low tone. "You're revealing too much." His eyes dart to her chest when she finally looks up. Her hand clasps across her chest and she utters a subtle gasp, and breathes in with a defiant look about her face. Mr. Brookis turns and walks away, hoping she'd be a bit easier to deal with after a minute or two to cool down.
Mr. Brookis enters the head's room. Her name is Mrs. Donald.
"Mrs. Donald I-" "You were just talking to Big Tits, you saw her new outfit, everyone's been praising her about it." The delight in her voice was sheer as erect nipples. "Mrs. Donald" Mr. Brookis couldn't muster up the words and he acted out of impulse, slapping at her across from the desk, whiffing the air. He then left.
"You bastard," Mrs. Donald uttered under her breath, "can't you sense it? Your dick is hard." She grinned and rolled back on her heels letting the chair cushion her back.
Mr. Brookis storms out of the office, nobody seems to notice.
Not quite ready to confront Chrissy and ask her for a report on the Times case, he took a right turn and went into the lounge for a stimulating coffee and a sane conversation. He could see Relika, wearing sun colored clothes and oddly enough a hat, indoors.
"Hello, how are you doing Rea?" That was what she liked to be called. "Very well" She started eagerly then slowed "how's it going? Her eyes fluttering flirtatiously." - "Well, I just had the weirdest couple of minutes in my life. First I came in..." He hesitated, this wasn't a good way to start a conversation, even if he was particular about gossiping. He quieted down and started a more confidential sounding speech. "Uh, there's my coworker Chrissy. I think she's forgotten to wear underwear today." Smiles, all smiles, he went on "Have you seen her?" Waits. - "Yes I saw, nobody in my family could be so bold." Rea looks down and up seeming to measure Mr. Brookis over, her eyes light up and she begins smirking "Oh, oh." She lets out a humorous breath with a slight giggle, and purses her lips to restrain herself.
Chrissy walks in and heads for some fruit in a bowl.
Mr. Brookis instinctively locks his gaze on her chest, which is now adequately covered, and he loses interest with a sense of relief. Rea starts as she notices Mr. Brookis turned his head away. There's just something about his hard dick, and now he's looking away, his body is turned to the side and she's staring at him in profile, she can see just how strong he looks. Chrissy has plucked a grape and started sucking at it. Rea joins and takes out a grape. The two women take a hole of Mr. Brookis's gaze and he feels giddy as well, and a little bit in danger.
Mrs. Donald enters unnoticed and stands behind Mr. Brookis.
Chrissy, "Mr. Brookis, were you looking for a snack?" She gingerly takes another grape. "Were you trying to get away from me?" She uncovers her left nipple by moving the scarf around her neck to the side, then she teases it as she makes extravegantly obnoxious chewing noises and breathes through her mouth. "Oh, excuse my manners." She says and turns away for a moment hiding a smile. Rea sees this and perpetuates the game. She turns away like Chrissy and slides her dress up slightly, revealing more of her hip, and a good deal of her pant leg, which also happens to reveal the shape of her butt. Both of their rear ends are quite lovely and Mr. Brookis can't move, now becoming aware of his arousal and contemplating their humor. "Ladies, please." The two women have their faces too close together, they're breathing together, they're feeding eachother graps. Mr. Brookis reaches forward to slap their bottoms and reconsiders it then: "Are we having an unofficial staff meeting in here?" They all jump as Mrs. Donald's voice disrupts their calm.