
The bell rang and the students walked into the halls.

Donna has a large rack and a chubby face. Her perky tail frequently flips up her uniform skirt. She has a bra and nipple pads to hide her enlarge areolae.

While trying to cope with the classroom climate she sought some friendly face and a number of dogs and leopard symbols shone.  A rabbit buck made snoots behind her and she was caught trying to talk to him in class.

During recess lunch she ate with other felines.  Some knew eachother and Donna thought a discussion of bras would be nice. Before she realized it she spoke "Can anyone see my nipples? I tried to get the right combination to hide them all."

In response a discussion of multiple nipple falacy and anthropomorphic tendencies erupted. Donna remembered now that it was uncommon for felines to have 8 nipples or exactly two enlarged breasts on the ribcage.  They went to the toilets and removed their shirts.

The panther nipples were stiff.  Maybe she was a bit aroused.  She became playful and felt each girl in the group despite argument.

A housecat, short and perky, perfectly humanized with only her tail and ears revealing she was a cat.  Her nipples were pink and cute as any human.

Donna took off her top and although her skin was oily and hairless her stickers betrayed her as a feline of some type. Thinking that would be all she took off her bra.

A feline mix came forward revealing an erection at her crotch.  Her breasts were small. This was in fact a hermaphrodite. Donna's reflexive ovulation took control and she let out a garbled whine.  Her tail stretched revealing her wet panties at the sight of a male banana.

The housecat backed off to a corner, presumably to hide a similar response.

Another lioness wanted to see under the nipple tapes. She started to prowl when Donna looked uneasy.

The housecat was back over "Hey hey. Don't turn around." This was a common sign that looking away was disrespectful of other felines. Donna turned to face the kitten.  She had a strap-on at her waist, it was an extra bumpy thing. Donna thought it was better to give in now, or face wet pants all day.

"Could you help me find a boyfriend? In case you ruin me today I'll definitely need help." Donna's deal was a last ditch effort to identify her goal.

Soon her tits were being fondled at the sink in the mirror. The house cat and dick sporting mix were both touching Donna's butt with their things and her knees were shaking.  By the time they began removing her panties she had lost control of her desire.

One of the cocks went in, the fake one. The little cat wore a bright smile and thrust her dildo in and out.  Her eyes narrowed when she spread the generous butt cheeks apart.

"Her asshole is perfect for bitching.  I think Robert would pay well to be here right now."

"Wait. She hasn't cum yet and she still has those things on her."

They peel back the stickers from her largest mounds.

The panther's eyes light up. "Her tits are absolutely bitch material."

"Donna is so slutty. I'm surprised if she isn't married already."

"Definitely not to a big cat." The house cat says, coyly.

Into the room someone entered.
"Hey check this out." The dickgirl who was waiting says.

In the mirror Donna sees herself exposed. The new entry is muscular, masculine, a kanine breed.  She loses herself when the dildo is taken out.

Her cooch is on display and her tail is holding up her panties. Her arms are folded to support her head at the sink barely.

"This is Donna. Watch closely."

The dickgirl enters Donna forcefully and grunts peeling her eyes shut, she came.  She can't move so she's helped by a gentle push from behind. The push thrusts her fully in and Donna lets out a feline scream.  Her orgasm echo's and dies.

The cock comes out quickly, the spiky thorny nubs on it red. The dickgirl slaps Donna angrily on her fat thighs and she is forcefully propelled by her legs in retreat before coming to her senses.

The male dog rips open his pants and pants.  A thick red member protrudes.

Donna sees it and she clenches making her privates puff out.  She repeats this each step the man takes until she's aware of her painfully stiff nipples and the sea sweat-like atmosphere of her nose.

He gently slides in her ass and gets stuck.  The pride on his face at this accomplishment suddenly makes Donna hate him.

Donna shrieks and kicks from the pain of his swelling knot. But soon her senses return and she observes the size and prominence of his body.  There was no hesitation.  She thinks she can use him.

The cum in her ass grew tense and her nipples were played with.  Soon she felt like every ounce of energy was squeezed out of her and the dick in her ass.