She sighs. "Too bad he lives so far away," she says as she sees him rubbing his dragon. She feels her underwear getting even more wet than it was a couple of moments ago. It's almost soaked through and through.

She sighs again. she sees a window on her laptop blinking. "Huh? Call died. Well, good night!" says the text message he just wrote to her. "Good night, Joe!" she answers. Then he goes offline and she's left with wet pants. 

It is way too late already and she has to work the next day. So she decides for the thing that gets her pretty tired within only a few minutes. 

"Wait," she thinks. She remembers that he was curious about what she can support. "Maybe I should return a favor." His favorite position comes to her mind. She never tried that one before when doing herself something good. "Well, he wants to know and actually I'm curious about that, too. So, why not?" 

So she leans over on her bed, pulls her pants and underwear to her feet, though she doesn't get rid of them completely. Then, on her laptop she opens some screenshots she took during one of the earlier calls. "Mhm, nice sight. I really like what I see." In her mind she imagines the situation and how it would feel. "I'm sure it would be awesome."

She stimulates her cherry with one finger. After a short while, she inserts it. "Hum, feels actually nice from this position. Too bad I can't insert it from behind my leg." She hurries and stimulates her cherry with another finger, she inserts it on its own at first, then along with the other wet finger. She repeats this procedure till all four fingers - except the thumb - are inserted. She enjoys it. 

Then she tries to insert them as deep as possible. There are still a few units left, so she uses her right hand to help the left hand to get deeper in. She groans in pleasure. "Yeah, that's it... Oh, nice. ... Hmm, I wonder..." she thinks. 

A second later, she gets a tape measure and measures the girth of her four fingers. "Nice, 14 cm. Though it's not a perfect circle. Rather an ellipse. Oh well." 

She puts the tape measure away and then she stimulates her cherry with her thumb and inserts it as well. First without the other fingers, then with all of the others. However, she can't insert the five fingers very deeply. Her arm is too short in order to do so. So she removes the thumb and inserts the other four fingers without it again.

While the four fingers are inserted, she uses her right hand to stimulate her cherry. 

[She feels like someone is watching her. So she looks around. Nobody is there to be seen.  Maybe it is in her head.]

[In the shadows a figure is standing, watching. Yes, he thinks, this is what I've been waiting for.]

[His erection grows and he bravely steps forward to reveal himself]

[Sanni, I am the one you think of now while you pleasure yourself. But it is not you but the  facsimile of my presence that will grant your greatest pleasure.]

[She fervently reaches out and looks back and sees nothing but thinks many things.]

She rubs it very eagerly and 

[The figure, already inside her, moves ever slightly. Stimulating her.  Not being known, but being present. ]

[Yes, this is the way.  Sanni, you touch me privately, but by doing so, you allow yourself to be touched. I find this is mutual pleasure.]

[His erection glides so lightly she can not tell it is there.  Her fingers moving against it provided all locomotion that was needed to stimulate him.]

after [ x  __a few minutes__ = her burning passion and heavy breathing, sighing and cautiously stirring of tender lust grot. With her high pitched moans and gently rocking piston motion x ]she finally cums. 

[He is released from his etherworldly duty.  The pleasure of her now the pleasure of two.]

Exhausted she falls onto her bed. "Tomorrow I'll tell him about the girth," she thinks worn out. "I'm very pleased that I can support the girth, though we would definitely have to use extra lube in order to have more and longer fun than that. Can't wait till it will finally happen." She sighs again. 

Now she's tired. But before falling asleep, she writes a short story on her laptop, that she is very eager to show Joe the next day. 

After finishing the short story, she does something good to herself again, the horny minx. Then finally she is able to fall asleep. 

She wakes up the next day and works for some hours, Then, he reads the short story out loud to her. They both take much pleasure in it. 

Once he's done, she asks him "Hey Joe, how did you like this very realistic story?" And all he answers is:
"It was nice..."
"It would have been much hotter if you read it."

