I think she was in a bit of shock at this point, and the pain of her asshole being reamed once makes her clench down at the base of my shaft. The pressure from it sends a wave of euphoria over me while I unload into her rapt and insensate. I feel her pussy twitch a few times, maybe enjoying the abuse as well. Since I've gone this far, when I regain my senses I had to say something.

"You are so beautiful, I'm going to show you." I am not sure what I was saying, but it felt right. This felt great.

I fucked her ass until I could hear her vocalizing a high pitched horny whining dog howl and shot a second load up into her while spanking her ass. This bitch is mine. I even wrapped the cord of the mouse around her neck and taped her hands together, she was so docile under my conflagration of sexual congress.

XXXX section 2

Ellie got to work late. She missed the office orientation, and thought she'd get to know more about her close co-workers during lunch. She was completely taken off guard at how aggravated this man became with her, and she thought she'd wait for it to blow over. Then something happened, she got his cock in her hands, and it was a bad boy, real big, something she's seen in porno.

She couldn't help think about that big D right up until lunch when she got something to help satiate her appetite. What she really wanted was a bit more fun with that freak.

When lunch came, she broke out a bag of chips by habit. The man came back, and in less humor than before, she thought. She returned to giggling when she thought about that dick, and in a moment it was in her face, her eyes widened and she reacted automatically by giving a childish dog-eyes expression. He grabbed her by the back of the head and rubbed his cock, and the lotion, right on her face as she looked the other way and tried to think straight. But this got her hot and bothered in a split second.

He had her up by her wrists, blinded with smelly lotion all over her face and eyes, and she couldn't blink, she focused on keeping her eyes closed. Next she was down on her elbows, and her pants got yanked down. Her horny peaches revealed, and to her surprise he splashed a cool wet feeling over her ass, which felt kind of nice. But the next thing, although if asked Ellie only describe it by feel, it was like a serpent violating her.

Ellie's plump cavernous ass had a nearly foot long flesh pole slid into it. Her globes rebounded as his hips slapped against hers once. She started, when the shock of a cool job went up her spine. It became obvious to her she wasn't shitting herself in bed, it was happening for real, and she felt embarrassed to be doing it in the middle of work. After it didn't stop, she redoubled her efforts to think and understood that at least one thing was true, she lost control over her bowel, and perhaps the moment he pulled out she'd have to live with the shame.

The tension in her muscles increased with each stroke he took. Her muscles clenched and she let out a breath of hot air. Her nipples became pert and excited at this ordeal, and could be see clean through her bra and shirt. A sheen of sweat broke out across her whole body which made her shiver. Her head felt stuffy, and she couldn't think, but she felt so good. She felt a throbbing heat swelling in her belly before her lover's single movement stopped. She let out a cry of excitement, and remembered they were in public, so she simply dropped her jaw and let the sound emanate gutturally, it still came out a bit high-pitched. When she felt her ass assaulted her muscles twitched involuntarily, and she drooled, her back spasming, making her head fly up, her hair following after, and then her tits, making her heart skip a beat, she lost all breath once again. This was the best she ever felt. She relished it for as long as possible. It only lasted a few seconds in reality.

Again a hot flush of heat hit the pit of her stomach, and this one radiated up to the pits of her arms and into her breasts, her face flushed red and she started to feel her ass hurt, but she loved the feeling in her chest, and all over her neck, which blotted out the pain.

After he put her in bondage with office supplies, it felt like a game she was good at. He stopped and released her. She missed lunch, but had a wild experience. Ellie thought about it, and couldn't think beyond the pleasure she had. She turned to thank him, but words wouldn't come out of her mouth, so she cried a bit, and then sat back down. Her butt hurt a lot, so she went to the unisex bathroom.