It was about a half hour until lunch break. The employees go down to the lunch room. I told my buddy mike that I wouldn't be there for another 20 minutes or so, that way I could rest my eyes.

I saw my target move, and I was on it like a fly on shit. "Hey I need a word with you." She gave an embarrassed smirk like she thought it was all over. Not a chance in this bitch's life was I letting her get out of the deal. "I'm going to count on your cooperation." I raised my eyebrows like I was really worried and went back to my cubicle to get some paper towels.

Lunch had started and we had 45 minutes until it was over. She looked hungry, she was already pulling out a bag of snack sized cheese shit. I let her get her hands a little dirty before I came over and plopped the paper towel roll down. I was so glad I had these right now as an excuse.

"You look starving. Are you eating enough?"

"No, no. Yes I'm eating plenty, I'm a pig. This is only me getting started. I usually order a burger and fries with pickles"

She was a bona fide pig alright. I had another idea about what she might eat. "Listen, my pants are still wet. Help me with this." I couldn't really get any work done, I was preparing myself mentally for this. It was insane that she let me get away with that earlier, and now I was going to perform the coup de grace.

I pull off my pants again. My cock feeling the breeze hardened quickly, before her eyes. She looked stunned, that I was still so ready. She also looked a little drugged and began to laugh unmercifully.

"Ha, ha, please... stop, heh, you... you're killing me..." she scoffed with throaty chuckling and all.

I did not stop. I repeated my initial maneuver, stepping forward, like when the lubricant pissed me off, only now my weapon was going to hit her right between the eyes if she leaned forward. "Clean me up." She started to oblige, still under a strange spell of humor, and she wiped my sweaty ballsack while leaning down staring at it, my cock throbbed and I felt I could fire a load in her face right now.

"No" I stated, "you need to help me with this," then her face returned to the innocent puckered look it did earlier. A moment later the tip of my phallus was pressing against her face, her head turned away in a reflex gesture to protect her eyes. "Do it, is this what you want?" I pick the lotion out of her bag again, and put a little bit on my cock, then rub it on her face. It looked like she got jizzed on. The stimulation is getting me worked up and I grind the underside against her cheek, my ballsack feels like it's churning and my stomach is boiling hot. So I grab the back of her head and tilt it up, then I pour half of the bottle of lotion on her face, masking her. I step back and observe my handy work. She begins to wipe her face and utter an irritated whine.

I grab her wrists and make her stand up. This frothy mouthed bitch is less willing to suck me off than I thought, so it'll be back to plan A. I pick up some chips and cram them in her mouth. Then I spin her around, facing her head against her computer. I can hear her chewing those chips for some reason, she must be hungry.

I pull down her pants just enough I can see her asshole, and I shove a finger up it. She whimpers, and continues chewing. Her arms are seeking a safe purchase where she won't hit the keyboard or the items on her desk. "Still playing office bitch" I thought.

"You slut. I can tell what you're hungry for." I breathily uttered, as her pants finally slipped down below her cunny, which looked like the meat in a hamburger which oozed with grease.

I dump the rest of the lotion over her butt and along my shaft. Very briefly I rubbed the tip of mine against her shiny lubed up anus. Then seeing as she gives not a bit of resistance, I slip right up into her past her sphincter into her colon. Her butt cheeks jiggle slightly and she gasps.


