???Doing something without narrating it. Psychological probing. Character development in action. One scene, one wish. Repeatedly establish any conflict.
???

Scee lives alone working. He uploads his work daily where few people will see it, but many can.

He draws tiddies. Sometimes people support it, and earns him a living income.

A law is passed by his overlords. Fake or forged tiddies, bye bye. Scee turns off his TV. He sits alone.

Scee is staring at his hands and talking to nobody.

"The government has failed. Female body parts have a right to exist. I reject this law."

Then he clenches his hands. He feels his pen.

All online sources are deleted by government with a replacement page. Jail is bad.


Out for a walk, Scee meets girls.

"Please come over. You find me the most beautiful man."

Scee takes their photos with permission and some cash. He uploads multiple drawings under different aliases.

---1

Shi is a new client. To show off skin, she wears very little.

"I burn the pictures soon. This is my guilty pleasure."

"What can I pay to get a copy. I want to share my body with people."

"Go topless. Tits are beautiful."

"Men already feed me just to hear my thanks."

'Women are spoiled now.'

"You can wear your underwear."

She refuses cash now, she's a regular in some diners wearing one layer of clothes on her chest. 

Scee is sitting at a booth viewing her. His pen works quietly. He leaves.  When he gets home, he looks under the light at the caricature he drew, the way she leaned, the form of her heaps.

"There must be more to life than women I pay for fine art nudes."

---2
I'm Scee.

I drop by the liquor store to meet a girl I saw. The clerk tells me in casual conversation his daughter is doing errands.

A calling card is burning a hole in my pocket now.

On the way out suspicious heavy set women stop me.

"Are you drunk? Urk."

Their strange way of talking. They hide their bad nature poorly, but they will be easy for Scee.

"You have beautiful voices. Can either of you sing?"

"..."

"Would you come with me to my office?"

"You have an office. Can I be your secretary?"

This one practically grabs Scee and throttles his pen arm.  He jerks away and bumps her.

"Damn! you want my girl's ass? just make with green and it's a trip around the corner'zall I'm sayin~say?"

She started to make a cute voice there. But it was ruined by her sloppy makeup.

"We go take photos. That's all."

These photos can be uploaded, I don't know how to draw such THICC women, for now.

--3

I catch the daughter on the next trip. She joins as a youthful actress.

The bio is fake. I write it for the buyers. Her hometown is somewhere far away. I ask her a few questions and modify the answers because nobody can know her.

She submits selfies. I hesitate to upload.

"I don't know. I think the buyers want more professional images."

The positive comments and suggestions roll in. I buy all my other clients mobile phones from then on. There's a small bonus each month.

"Daily selfies!"

---4

An online client. She argues the pay is below her. She says she does harder porn where she lives.

"Let's meet."

A drive across the country and we have an offline encounter. I pay out of pocket for all expenses and a photo shoot.

I give her a one time raise, and she lets me do anything I want that night. I play with her breasts and slowly take pictures as her breasts are firmly modeled by my hands. I even have her put different tops on. After she's paid fully for the main photos, she wants more money.

A collection of roughly touched breasts makes its way around. There are drawings. Only one website accurately depicts her.

Sifting through newer contacts I have to find someone... ah. I send the email so some shoddy website will hire her.

---5

The liquor store girl has been popular and 'glamorous' so I propose a bonus shoot.  We spend a few nights. She agrees to come to me.

"I tie you up."

"No. I'll hold the rope and you stand still."

"You wear a collar."

"I'll hold a leash? You wear the collar!"

"You touch this penis and look very happy."

She looked serious and then rejected me.  I think 'Let's try again, she's never completely rejected pay.'

"Wait here."

An hour later.

"Where were you?"

"Oh you're still here."

I take a few photos of her. I want her to get tied up. She looks angry.

"Here's a chair to sit in now. I have to go get something. Here's a rope."

She didn't exactly tie herself, but the rope was on the ceiling fan.

She says.

"Take a picture so it looks like I'm about to kill myself."

She chokes herself on the rope and I run over to let her down.

She calms down.

"You made me wait. The door was locked. I am hungry and bored now."

"The door... you could have left if you tried. Come back tomorrow, maybe you'll be ready to play properly."

A long silence. She nods and asks for the rope.

She goes home and ties her leg to her bed, snaps a selfie, and sends it.

A few people are willing to make proposals.

"She is a pure angel. I can offer double for more like this... ;)"

"Are there any hardcore pics? Is there a place to buy some of her?"

"Hardcore? She'll be ruined by tentacle porn. I am against this. Could the webmaster give me an address to send lingerie to?"

This isn't bad. I put the tablet down.  My thoughts wander, I fall back asleep and the feeling of my pen slipping out of my hand makes me pinch quickly to stop it- I jerk awake. I'm lying down.

--6

Scee opens his laptop and logs on private protected IP channel.  Then a bank.

"My bank account looks low. Was I double charged?"

The traffic to his place is dropping off. His webpage is no longer featured. 

First Email: 'Why has Pink Devil been removed from your site ,,whokars,,?'

He grabs his pen and begins drawing from the next blank page of scrap.

A few hours later there's an email response.

Scee sets aside his tiddies and pen.

The referenced takedown notification on the website addressed to the whokars website owner is all the explanation. This exact process has been going on for other hosts, and Scee found his content missing on many.

Scee looks down at his hands.

"It's just like before. Who knows, maybe in a few months..."

All his content is gone in a week.

He stops paying regulars immediately.

--7

The bar girl is sending many messages. 

She was told, like everyone else. The business is over. Scee breaks down and answers.

"I don't know where you can make money with this type of talent now."