I don't know what to say. How about... transitioning physically, mentally, could be a short dangerous burst of energy. But, the wisdom of a type of physical-spiritual guru from my past suggested that focusing on the aspects of the body, posture and breathing especially, significantly eases the transition. I was going through puberty and didn't really notice the change, so maybe it worked, but a lot of things also went wrong because I didn't know what I needed to eat.

Long story short I only had "runner's high" for a month of my life. So, no matter how many years I exercised, I'm mostly going to feel insulted when anyone suggests I was doing it to feel good. I was doing it because I thought I'd get sicker otherwise.

I felt tingles in my legs when I went running today, that's not much, but it's part of what I'd describe as the right feeling.

Other things I'm looking for are:
	increased energy (adrenaline?), definitely burning fat
	euphoria from endorphins
	increased strength in short bursts from cortisol
	second wind, more adrenaline and cortisol

Tingling legs is almost nothing.

Oh right, I started sweating normally a couple months ago so maybe that's the first thing that could be considered going right. Yeah, the body's natural ability to survive is a good starting point for success.

Supposedly, trained athletes get more benefits, like, how else do they pull off such extreme acrobatics without concentration? It could be raw talent, but more likely the state of mind for faster processing is induced by endorphins even if for short intense bursts.

I'm going to take more days off for targeted exercises like running. I should do upper body now and keep track of rest days, maybe three minimum when the sudden increase in demand is unpracticed.

I don't have the runner's high, so I can imagine, but I've never experienced any type of enjoyment weightlifting. Only between exercises I noticed I felt better, but it may have been dopamine, I have no other explanation.

I think, I'm pretty sure I used to relax a lot looking at a TV or playing video games. So, whatever changed since the early days, it's probably potassium related.