I'm going to try a new posture, the last one's been making my upper body tired. I should figure out a few that I can maintain from this sitting position. The one I've been doing seems to be really good for my lower back so it's great.

I'm writing this in case I start complaining about any other part of my body later. The switch could cause a major change later, especially if I don't shift positions.

I keep jinxing both positive and negative things I do by asserting observations, if it works more often than not, I should just go ahead and say some of the negative things.

I'm not going back to normal, mentally.

This is the new me.

Like a near-death experience, I have all my long-term memory recovered. The bad stuff now colors my patterns of behavior endlessly. I always rationalize why I regress, I never manage to stop it from happening. 

I blame the dangerous events in my life for everything. 

No matter how many kids shoot schools, their parents keep sending them. Stop attacking the weapon, the children, and attack the weilder; either the school or society.

I'm good at visualizing images, not stringing along debates. Well, for a short time the daemon was there. I haven't really had a proper conversation in my head lately.

Now I'll reflect on this and see what changes I make.

-- this is another topic

If someone asked whether I was paying attention to a stranger because someone's wealthy, famous, or responding to me superficially, I'd go with item three.

My mom outright tries to ignore me and asserts she can listen while interrupting me right in my face. So, it's obvious what type of conversation is more rewarding, the superficial one.

--
Alright, the "advice" I interpreted is useless. What matters is what a person is doing. It doesn't matter what a person says. What matters is what they do. A person is what a person does. Etc. 

Thankfully, it looks like either Elon Musk is too busy or the brand he's selling can't reflect the crazy shit I'm typing right now.

Youtube seems to have an idea where I should be. 

I think I understand a social skill.

I already knew Google was targeting me with content, that's not even very special.

How does it look like someone's talking to me, when they don't know me? The effect looks like "advice" or a meme referencing my ideas.

It's a long-distance social skill.