
There's an old saying, "excuse me for breathing." When someone complains you breathed on them to a teacher it's a pretty good comeback.

Cancel culture is just cancer culture with an asian dialect. There's no hidden meaning. It has the same undertone as going viral or getting memed. Another iron clad meaning for cancel is "can sell" like you label yourself as sales-worthy goods. I'm cancelled, getting cancelled, being cancelled, I've been cancelled, getting cancelled, been cancelled, cancellable, etc.

Straight women should have children. Don't mess with gay rights, if people are gay they can't have children anyways (consentually).



Social media is a game. But with bots involved, it's no longer fair for real gamers. It's become easy for bot users to score. The only correct course of action for the developers of said game is to automate all tasks that the bots would. If people aren't using social media to socialize, it's commercial.

Social media is a game. It is very possible to direct cash flows by directing traffic online. Even without bot-like behaviors and little or no direct social interaction, it should be completely possible to identify something a person can do, and a person who'd pay for it.

The only thing left is when someone has a product that's so influential and critical they remain in control, that it can't be sold without altering its fundamental lifecycle. That is when copyright matters. Saying "I have an idea for an AI, here it is" may be worth ad revenue, but it's not worth royalties. Saying "I have an idea for an AI" followed by a procedure to make it happen for real is worth royalties. Producing the entire product before it's under peer review should grant a moral obligation and right to discontinue, so any sales would be worth half the work put in for life, assuming the other half goes to future developers.

So yeah if people are upset I might have a legitimate copyright to AI procedural video game, so what. That's like 2% or 5% royalties. And the people who finally say "use the damn idea and make the game" would make enough money they'd be set for life anyways.

Guess what. I'm going to make the calculator work. It's not an AI, but judging by the way things are going an MLA could learn how to use it and if it learns how to script stories with programming included it'd almost look like an Ephemeral Game by the sheer intricacy of a story that a computer could cook up.

So finally, why don't I let someone else finish it? Well, why don't I finish it? Same reason really, only it'd be easier for me to finish it than it would be to explain what isn't done yet. And when everything is done I shouldn't settle for less than 60% of the combined product of the language and the calculator. 