Artificial sweetener is dangerous? I don't know this for a fact but I'm getting warnings about it.

The hint was plastic in a sugar packet or could have been a sweetener of any kind. Plus I've been getting artificial sweetener references.

Alright here's the interpretation. "Don't fake being nice."

At some point in the past I've had to adjust my left shoulder because it was weak. Now my right shoulder's in a similar way, but with some other problems.

I should do full body exercises to increase awareness of my upper body's flexibility.

I can survive with noise... but as someone who turned off CRT TV and decided living without the hum was a big enough improvement, I can't enjoy meaningless noise.

Until my shoulders and spine feel sturdy I'm not going to even think normal. Something about exercise has loosened me up, which is healthier, but at the same time makes me feel awkward. Ok so the real issue is, as my body recovers potassium, things hurt. The things I have to use all day long are constantly there.

I'm gradually understanding but with no place to screw up I can't say I like it and mean it.

Constantly, the first thing I do when I find something new to play with is, see if I can even get it to work, then I break it, that's how you find the good stuff in video games. It's something I might be tempted to do in a high risk scenario but I wouldn't harm someone if I actually believed I could. I'd probably tell them to go away so I can try something dangerous myself.

As long as I am not interacting with a human I can rationalize anything. That is why video games are so great. When I find out I'm playing with or against somone pitiable I wouldn't even want to accidentally knock them out of the game, so how does this morality transfer to currency?

If money appears out of thin air I can only rationalize that I deserved it. I can make sure it's coming from a legitimate enough source. If I were somehow forced to be aware of another player in need of it more then I get concerned. There's no way I'd force someone else to give theirs away.

This is more like a multiplayer game where a player's source of experience determines what they can do, and if they fall below a certain point it's very difficult to recover. Small exp loss is ok, taking so much that there's no telling what'll happen to someone sounds intolerable.

The exact way that currency creates this dynamic is easy enough to explain. Token systems... inflation, taxation, services, and luxury goods. Before any of that matters, basic needs. After basic needs, a lifestyle of some kind is imprinted.

The biggest concern is if earning money is the goal then minimal self-actualization is enough. One of the basic needs, after socializing, is self-actualization, which means it's actually less important but does suggest it has some major benefit to a person's lifestyle choice. If you could wallow and earn billions, would you pick that over building houses and earning thousands? If the purpose was to earn money, the answer is yes, you'd dig through mud for clams and wallow most days of your life. If your life purpose was self-improvement, you might wallow for some of your life, because you can't live without earning money first. If you'd rather die instead of wallowing, or money was no object, then no you'd build houses for social and self-improvement.
