The purpose of any dystopian plot is two things at least. The first thing is to make drama so the character involved is interesting. The second thing is to steer away from negative moral consequences.

If everyone's having a good time in a utopia and they're avoiding future disaster, whatever means they're using already work. That sort of utopia can become satire in a story revolving around a villain whose plots repeatedly fail, the villain is not enjoying this but like a cat chasing a mouse nothing fucking happens if the villain succeeds.

As for real life.

A means of production that exists without limits and without hardship is the future. Hardship won't exist. Fighting as hardship won't exist. Fighting as competition can exist as long as anyone believes in it.

We exist in the present, think of the future.

The present global system is dystopian. In order to change it

first, get out of the mindset that GDP is production

see things how they are. Do something that would ensure everyone survives without bothering them. If they ignore it long enough they'll welcome their own death. Then 

last, call them out and force them to change.

(oh right, that's how I conducted myself, when feminists and Aztec rituals were being cited as the wellspring of welfare and benevolence)

Well anyways since I can pretty much decide whatever I want.

This is America's future

America will live in a gradually automated world. Machine-farming can and will continue making money by selling to other countries until they follow suit. Machine-farming will have a surplus of vegetables and fruits sinking the local market but the farmers themselves will be granted land-tax exemption, so they are the first who only need to worry about luxury. Other micro-economies will follow the farming and food industry's lead. With supplies costing nothing, all sales at a restaurant are at the cost of rent and service, until rent itself is free. When building production and land are both free, the only thing you're spending to live somewhere is your time so you might as well be somewhere you can do something. The final challenge to face in post-scarcity is to seek a purpose in life, and that is unique to everyone.

This is my personal future

I'll do my work and earn a living. I'll soon be physically fit once again. I'll have the confidence that girls will throw themselves at me once again. If they are into my kind of fantasy, role-play, conquest, somethin' somethin' they will have that experience with me. That won't be long from now. I'm going to have to endure the never-ending pleasures of internal dankness for better or worse, even if that means I have to collaborate with hentai artists and porn studios to make it accurate I will fuck angels and women will have living sex-toys that tickle them from the inside like no man can yet.

One day custom male and female genitals can be printed in outer space, fully functional, allowing for the most erotic physical augmentation, managing to compete with toys once more. These are perfected and human hearts, lungs, etc. are safe to mass produce.
