My initial plan to pretend Twitter wasn't garbage has failed now I need to figure out where the expoloit is.

The reason I write about things or talk about them is because I have a propensity to derive greater models of reality by doing so. Sometimes I mention things that I believe or have proof they are dangerous.

Recently I've been more and more debating about those models of reality. In the case of writing a novel, the resulting pseudo-fiction is neither danger nor a true model of reality. However, there are things in fiction that I can derive great pleasure from merely thinking about.

If given the opportunity to experience the actions I describe with another person, I'd make sure there is no injury to anyone involved. If my fantasy is adapted to a medium that is completely fictional, if even a little of my fantasy were to be brought to the public, I'd like to make sure it wasn't done improperly. I enjoy being compensated, it's not merely a need for survival, the people enjoying my work should be allowed to keep it and they should be allowed to provide whatever is necessary to allow me to continue working.


Ok. I know. It's not just a fantasy that a real world executive would take my writing or ideas for a production.

It's not just a fantasy that attractive people would rather easily pass for the characters, as long as they follow the rules.


I think since there are plenty of stories that could be made into a movie there is something to be said about determining if they're genuine. If an AI machine learning algorithm has started generating expensive media, then we need to know where it's getting its ideas from and compensate the real people. If a human did the same thing, their brain is not capable of working nearly so fast to outpace.

Ok here goes.

An idea you have watching someone else is do something is worthless.

Ideas derived from years of creative work are not even on the public radar.

Americans have no creative market. They are incapable of being artistic. If they can't credit the ones who spent time writing, drawing, imagining new ideas, then they're a detriment to the artistic community.

Man hours spent are the only value, they are the source of all real value. It is not a matter of skill.

Americans don't deserve respect unless they discuss other people who they admire, works of art that they understand. On the contrary, depicting jealousy, not providing feedback, not acknowledging time, decrying effort, and libel. You deserve this death.

Since I discuss people of quality and connect art to the sciences, I expect others to do the same.

Basically if all things and luxury cost practically nothing to produce then everything is free.

I guess from this point on I will try to copycat successful people. But I haven't been good at that in the past so it's going to suck.

I won't apologize.

I'll consider if something I say could be interpreted as action, rather than discourse. Really, everything should be discourse by default.

Be nicer to the next person and then try to be nicer until I start to resemble a decent person. And if she's hot, grab her ass.

The Elden Ring endings, I'm thinking, yeah, they're all... The torrent thing, they want you to purchase the game.