Another update on my physical recovery

It's working.

I think once I build up enough muscle I would prefer to focus on catabolic exercise to break down the damaged parts of my body instead of continuing to build around it. There's a distinct sensation that certain muscles aren't relaxing, it could be because they're weak, it could be the cells are damaged, either way, no amount of rest is fixing them, they need to be replaced.

I'm eager to start exercising every day to break the muscle down until I no longer notice a problem. Then I can focus on weight loss or muscle building.

I am also certain I can't do that now, I couldn't do it earlier, I should finish the three weeks. So that's... 

I'm supposed to take four days off every three weeks. four days to go.


The reason I'm here is to make things enjoyable. Not for a short amount of time, that's what anybody can do. And someone of the opposite sex from me could do it to me for an intense moment.

To be more precise I have high expectations, and if they're met things will be enjoyable to almost everyone. The process will happen again to meet even higher expectations. Every choice I make, that really is a choice I make, would be to bring about my expectations.

Expectations are not observations. Expectations are wants, even the wants that are absurd. Expectations are needs, especially the needs that have been met every time. Expectations are the promises that are also wants.

Any obervations and promises that aren't wants are something that I choose to avoid, when I really choose something.

Amazing. I can sit down after jogging and immediately begin writing. That is something quite impossible for me until now.

After finishing jogging I notice today my hair is actually sweaty again, contrary to what that should mean my head feels like it's sore like either the heat or the sweat's making the skin puffy.

I got it I just got it the next time you think I get this it won't be a fluke

Uh. good enough for now.

Oh good I can move around and crawl without feeling like my bones will detach from the muscle.