Alright so, today, I'll acknowledge the VTubers complaining about feeling sick. Because it means they get close enough to people to make skin contact.


I don't remember being informed of this CONQuest2022 thing. But to be fair, if I went, I'd be in severe pain and trying to sleep with the VTubers at the same time. It's not possible...

I'm not satisfied.

In one day I'm just going to talk about what the people are doing and visit every website I've been to and explain that they're being used so hard their assholes gape.

In the real world, people don't ignore each other, they never have.

In the real world, completely random people from another country don't pop out of thin air trying to get your attention.

I know it's disappointing but I'm cancelling this stupid social network game.

If this were the real world instead of a shit game that retards programmed, I'd already be having sex.

So kill the developers. I'm not one of them. I know how to actually program a video game that isn't garbage.

Not good enough?

Fine. I'll play 'your game'. Not because I want to. So this doesn't even qualify as play.

See I'm playing your game now.

I'm going to end it too.

I have no evidence I'm getting anything I can ever use again from what you've given me. If I'm never going to have another orgasm then you're already worth less than nothing. You will die a thousand deaths. If that's not enough, you'll be anally raped.

Sure I can play your game.

You don't believe that I starved for three days during wrestling. Three days of starvation is death.

You made Twitch.

You probably talked all kinds of people into committing suicide.

So no. Nobody will care if you go against your word. Nobody will care if you change your story. Apologies will not make you hated.

People hacking and controling the creators and the social media can make up whatever they want, including a narrative to attack someone exactly like them. It's as if they have no idea who they are.

Who the hell deleted my Burn the Witches rant on GameDev.net are you fucking gay?