
Heating myself up in the shower has so far helped alleviate some discomfort.

I can eat complete proteins with seeds and peas

Oranges, watermelon, and tomato are good sources of potassium. I can easily add sodium.

I need to get back the electrolytes I lose between exercising.

To repair muscle requires complete protein.

I thought there was a social eating category but I couldn't find it.

GG

--

I'm going to attempt a serious exercise. It's like, without it my dick wanted to fly off yesterday. I better try something.

Over the past 7 days I've only eaten 1400 calories or less. So the amount of calories I typically eat daily can be sustained in a week. But now my body's gotten used to it, and my hormones are actually quite notably trying to get me back into sexual activity.

Over the past 5 weeks I've been exercising while eating 2000 calories per day. And because of that and a lack of fasting, I was only sexually aroused for a couple weeks.

If I keep going I'll be fasting for two more weeks. Can I exercise normally (Jogging, lifting weights) while rationing/fasting for deliberate weight loss? Or will I actually cause a lot of problems trying?

"I need to get back the electrolytes I lose between exercising.

I can eat complete proteins with seeds and peas"

This is how humans used to live, unable to measure quantities, the world was overflowing with potassium-rich sources of food. They didn't build huge muscle because they might go a month or for as long as necessary without protein.

It'd be a terrible life, we've evolved to require calories for our brain.

I no longer feel tired. I can try to benchmark my mental competence at the moment.

Ok. That's tough to improve on.

Before I can actually tell if eating fruit will make me gain weight I need to lose my lower intestine inflammation entirely, and love-handles, the layman's belly-fat.

It looks like I've lost 10 lbs in 8 days. I'm not tired, things just start to hurt. I shouldn't exercise (my legs, jogging) until I have a complete protein ready for afterwards.

Looking at how many calories are in seeds I'm probably going to go over 200 calories if I do eat them for protein. So... if I do the calculation for calories burned. Ok yeah if I jog like I did today I'm burning at least 300 calories, that's more than I'm eating right now so it shouldn't be a bad idea to pay it back in with necessary protein. Also explains why my arms hurt despite jogging being a leg activity. Catabolic.

Still, as a kid, I couldn't fast for a day without extreme hunger pangs and weakness forcing me to "hybernate".

Ok. How difficult is it to forgive someone for becoming mentally ill? Logically I better get away from them, they're a danger to me. So how difficult is it to forgive a mentally il person for trying to control your life and make you feel worse?

Look you memed "dance until you die" I'm never forgiving that piece of shit for suggesting if you like something do it to death literally. Nah, the person who alters the meme to make it annoying can face the pain. It doesn't mean that the autistic person who said I'd dance until I waste away has to be tortured.

Blame the person who's trying to control. They aren't giving up control? Never forgive them until they do.

I feel tired. Who's trying to control even after they have caused someone else to suffer? From my experience everyone tries to immediately control everything when they know they fucked up. The ones who don't, try to hide if they fucked up. It's very simple, blame rests on the shoulders of those who think they deserve to keep demanding ubiquitously after they have negatively impacted someone else's life.

If you actually had control of your life you might find blame in yourself. That's why people give up control to other people so easily.