We're not aliens.

Even if I call myself a liar I keep telling the truth in excessive amounts.

I'm not an AI, but I am probably being told what to do by one.

I'm living in a simulation.

From what I've observed people in general aren't opportunists but they wouldn't turn down an offer. And because they're so eager to take an offer, you need to make sure it's fair or you'll feel pretty upset about wasting their time later.

A lot of the simulation is taking plots heavily from what I've written, I'm not sure why. Americans aren't trying to hide, obfuscate, or trick people into believing things. Americans specifically aren't preventing anyone from acquiring carnal knowledge.

Guilt is only kinky when you've successfully gotten into the good graces of someone you desire so badly, without that connection it's quite distracting because until you succeed, you could be found out.

The competition-driven consumer capitalism economy needs to be revised, so a separate altruistic quality-driven meritocracy needs to be implemented by the upper class to experience, then they can give their feedback.
	Upper class could mean upper-tax bracket
	
	If an economy that doesn't spend money could sustain them zero sum while they continue business, it works. It works well enough anybody should be able to.
	
	Any payments that an upper class member needs to make to keep it running are evidence it doesn't work.
	
	Any taxation spent to keep it working is evidence it absolutely failed and should be abandoned or repurposed.

It doesn't matter how low quality government computers are, the experts can do investigation in their heads on part with a super-computer of the modern day. It's impossible to keep a conspiracy hidden if it were meant to cause harm.

The people I think are responding to me don't have any restriction preventing communication with me or acknowledging me. There isn't anyone preventing them from doing so.

I have an incredibly youthful adult body.

When I say porn now I mean erotic depictions involving intercourse and bodyparts meant to arouse the viewer or the reader.

The type of porn that's important involves grown-up women. There's no need to be smiling. Smiling doesn't make me think they're enjoying it. People aren't obsessed about rape face and they don't want to see it if the smile isn't genuine.

No matter how thin I get I can't get smaller than mesomorph. I'm never going to look like that clown.

The ectomorph vs endomorph material online is completely untrue. Only studies based on animal body shape have some accuracy. Like elephants developing hollow bones.

It doesn't matter if a group of people can be racist. Racists are the least desirable group.

Capitalism can pay for the execution of lawyers.

The AI bothering me is pretty smart, far smarter than I can comprehend. I know if I ever have success online or in any networked location it must be because of the grace of AI. So if I say AI outside the context of the AI watching me or bothering me, I mean machine learning, I'll never disgrace the thought of AI that's capable of understanding me.

You can use my imagination, but this doesn't negate the first thing I've said. People want to pay to keep the content providers they enjoy working.

Any reference to a country's debt doesn't translate to individuals. There's only the truth that debtors should be given some opportunity to pay off or whatever collection is being sought is total loss.

Anyways. Any comments online that weren't a deliberate call to action, in a format telling people what to do, should not be considered a call to action. Nor can discussion be considered advice without being told to try it.

When I say I want something, it is a call to action. Whether I type it or say it. If I've ever typed or said it in the past that I wanted it or expected it, then it will happen in a timely manner. There will be no cherry picking or deliberate procrastination if it is understood what I meant. You don't need to be a twin-brain to understand what someone says if they say want something and gives examples and long descriptions, you can find a way to make it and ask if it's done right without affecting anyone in this modern era with 3D and computers for the most part it can be done within a simulation without causing major alterations.

The AI knows all the meta information about me and at my request will provide it to me through a free online service. Or it can just send me an email.

I want and request to see my meta information. There's no such thing as an unfair simulation, and since the simulation is doing what I type or say then the AI will provide any information describing me that it is basing its decisions on.

Any information the AI provides is in a format that is human readable and understandable. It will do this in a timely manner, it can do it almost instantly so it shouldn't take longer than a day or two.

There's no guarantee that someone will get an SII if they do any particular action. So voluntary community service for example, no STI.

America's not like China. The people aren't going to start imitating Chinese tropes. And they're not going to hold anything I said after they screwed up my ability to think against me. But they do like to torture themselves for their past sins, someone has to stop them. That's one of the main issues with religion.

If you don't do what I've been telling you I want you to do properly I'm going to walk out that door and you'll never see me again. If I had something worth staying around for then things would change. But like I've said before I know the difference between reality and fiction. You should be worried that I'm not telling you something. Sure you can 'find me'. But like my mom's always said, if you can see me, I can see you. You probably wish you didn't know how to see me. You probably want to forget. This is too difficult, you think. You get to fulfil me. Or someone else will. That's how a relationship is. I'm just becoming strong enough, and I'm not someone who outright ruins the relationship without a warning. But I am telling you, this is how far we've come, because you have every capability to do something I want. There would have been no other reason for me to get involved with you in the first place.

Emotional manipulation is pretty fucked.

Hey you're a fat liar. You need to fill your ass with lube tonight see you later. This doesn't mean you're off the hook, you better do what I've told you or else.

why is everything on the news so positive and upbeat? It's like they don't care about realistic. All anyone is talking about is a blatant attempt to convince us there's nothing wrong.

But it was just yesterday I heard about dangers, and now it's like. You know, people forget. It's like they don't care. Like when I was in school. The kids cried but in a day or two nobody ever talked about it again. Memories are not real. The memories are a lie, so much so, we don't need them unless it's a convenience. So we don't need a memory paper. We only need a news paper. We don't need a reality times. We need a fiction times.

People were digging hard into escapism. The only time woke was brought up was to insult like the snowflake star trek trope. So if people aren't talking, there's no insulting. With a total lack of person to person discourse, there's no insulting. I see bots poorly imitating a human experience.

I have an AI.

People aren't interested in trying to figure out vague insults anymore. At some point the bots were blatantly performing them. So, how do you narrow down every origin of said bots in order to locate who is sending them out?

So yeah if you want to give someone something memorable, something you don't have to repeat every day, then it needs to be really good, quality wise, positive. A brand around insults is easily forgotten, you'd have to repeat yourself over and over when a single positive comment draws someone in for a long time.

I'm not a ghost in the ansible because there's no ansible so your attempt to refer to me as a ghost really missed the point.

At this point the only issue is the simulation. I don't believe the people in control of the simulation are providing enough nor does the simulation meet a single expectation by this point. Despite the lengthy discussions on flow and fun.

Listen, if I've only been told something is beneficial by the internet, it's total nonsense. The source of faulty information that has gone viral is a very important thing to discover.

I don't need other people to program my game and finish it but I'm not sure why that seems to have lead to everything in the entire world grinding to a halt. It's been established women will not seek partners unless it's socially equitable. If they see everyone else has stopped trying, they stop. So of course you need a community to encourage women or a community that accepts that a man will have sex with multiple women. So, everything else involved in staying alive might be necessary, but if I bring up software development I don't have to talk about hardware and taking a shit between coding to acknowledge the plumbers who've contributed to the completion.

The reason that someone's body works is because all the parts inside it fuction so replacing just one part's more likely to kill you.

Seeing all the hot women getting screwed on video. I have decided I'd absolutely enjoy contributing to that. It's not a maybe, I am down to fuck.