Greek creativity vs America's Anti-Nationalism

Potassium deficiency is the biggest nail in the food industry coffin. 

They have been extremely quiet about it 

Unrelated!

I was stalked offline because of my family. When I wrote something too interesting, I was stalked online by 4chan.

I've been jogging because I thought my heart needed conditioning back around 13 years old and I can jog for 5 hours at a time


4chan was founded in 2003 when I dropped out of school, their campaign to insert themselves into my life was exactly like crashing a car into someone's house because you know the front door won't open

8chan was founded in 2013 and my mother was blinded, our property value was lowered, and I was harassed offline.


I was outright saying I wanted to be a game developer, forever. So video games were artificially inflated.

They poisoned me at the hospital.

They can't prove or disprove if I'm autistic so I'm outright telling you I am in the very middle of the spectrum on any given test.

Hang on, make that 20 minutes. I can jog for 20 minutes in a day after jogging for 15 years and getting poisoned.



I am gay for women. The girls in middle school who gave the faintest sign of interest had to move away within a month.


The algorithms are taunting me with attractive women but clearly can't commit, even if I am playing their incredibly dubious hacker game by recognizing things don't work like they should be.


I didn't have to be tortured.


The only reason I went online to do something besides play video games or look at porn was to document my work since the probability someone will be hacked is 100%.

Pointing out that society should defend people without threatening to kill them in retaliation otherwise results in this.


Most people who've had their ideas stolen won't care, because those so-called ideas are actually notions of an idea that might not even be something they can write down. The ability to have an idea takes practice as a child, and commitment of many years to refine a foundation that isn't a clear imitation of someone else's work.

So, eventually, you might produce templates like this: https://pastebin.com/u/Pfotegeist

Why do you think people go completely insane and protect Intellectual Property, when it's not theirs? Or they kill people for Intellectual Property when it's thousands of years old? Because it's the product of generations of creative people the likes of which their undersanding can't be recaptured by anyone untrustworthy.

Lawyers like to say they produce the rights to intellectual property. Influencers, all of them, really. Autistic-legal-code inflaters is a better description. They influence the legal code and make is so fucking autistic sounding so nobody will even try to read it.

If my property rights are lost then I'm giving it to Italy, and naturalized Italians. I mean they have to be Italian from Italy, legally still holding dual citizenship. If the aplication of Lovecraft by a Rhode Islander isn't worth spreading then that's easily discarded. Who needs Rhode Island? My dumbass mother?

I can call it cosmichorny, it doesn't properly apply the lovecraft stories anyways, I never heard of these weird video game ancients.

I don't want to blow a whistle I want to break some bones that belong to people I don't like, turn them into a whistle why not.