I enjoy auto-hypnosis on a regular basis, normally. All muscle in my body can relax immediately while I'm sitting if I need to.

I say normally because the torture and drugs the hospital forced on me have turned my body into a tense spring and the muscles have only worn out instead of relaxing since then. I have to actually try to relax.

And for the first year they had done something to increase pressure in my upper cardio and lungs.

Every person in my family is genetically highly flexible muscularly. We live for 90 years and it doesn't really matter how our diet is. My dad smoked until 60s and died in his 70s from a mystery illness that I've never heard of.

If America are assholes, you have the right to start murdering Americans who behave as assholes will. They will pretend they are foreigners. They will try to make you like them. They pretend to care but diabetes damages your ability to think.

I was already sick, and they tortured me.

Shut off their water. Break their legs. Close their schools. Turn their women into prostitutes. Just for that.

They say Russians are hacking. They're imitating me online. They are trying to make nice by showing me attractive women.

I am still sick and the torture delayed recovery by 2 years. You could have done nothing and waited to see if I'd recover, now I'm expecting there's some kind of ending to this little peep show.

You did the prostitute thing but they aren't putting out.

It has been portrayed that finding women is always very easy. The reason I haven't been chasing women before is I've been growing my education.

They saw that I was developing and harassed me offline. They hacked my computer and see what I wrote way back before 2019.  Second only to AI tracing them and pinning the blame where it belongs, is an algorithm that's human-readable to understand how to detect a lie.

So cut out their tongue. Break their fingers. Break their jaws. Liars and thieves who do not use their talents for entertainment, but to injure another person do not deserve to flap in public so bury them face down.

I have no guarantee of safety from complete strangers, especially those who've already done this much to me. So they may have run and hid behind someone bigger. They aren't allowed to come out then.

Every single hardship I've gone through over 30 years is falling on their heads, and every hardship they've caused me is returned to them seven times in a pale imitation of their own escalation. I'd prefer to poison their genetic line and turn them into cute midgets and fluffy animals, while bashing their faces in as they lie unconscious in hospital beds, personally. But until that's doable they should just avoid getting their head chopped off by samurais.

I was sick because eating pasta constantly and diarrhea from fiber on a daily basis resulted in potassium deficiency. Going on diets to eat less in general makes things worse even faster.