OK so what I was saying is if someone has a problem and you don't believe you have one, you can do something to help.

You can't base how to help someone on anything but what you have already tried before. Trying to rely on advice, or mere imitation is proof you have a problem.

How can people not support pornography? It's the reason you exist. Your life is meaningless without doing your best to spread it.

There's proof enough, that the attempt to control information is inhibiting progress of humanity.


Whatever, there, I'll try to set up some monetization. I'll probably bang out another witch coven trash mess in a day if there's nothing like quality preventing me from doing it.

Then I'll decide how badly I want to finish the nightmare issue of ID, pretty sure I do. But I'm not really inclined to be so nasty even though the character progression says it'd be the only thing that makes sense.

I expect when I produce video games now, this will be used as a hit piece. What else do I need to do to grab attention?

I think you're doing the right thing. It's just been so hard to register. It's not a mental distraction that's been bothering me, I've been looking for distractions to stop thinking about it. Endorphins are pretty much the best thing pushing me to the limit of what's possible.

You know those cultivation novels understand one thing, once you severely screw up a functioning system that's taken a lifetime to grow, you don't know if you'll ever reach that point again. Is starving myself enough? If that is the truth, then I will find out in 24 days I'll eat normally for a week, or two weeks, and try fasting again once I confirm my endurance.

It's quite likely that my adrenaline and endorphins grew rapidly in strength early, because walking is fucking painful as a kid. But due to potassium deficiency I never got the runner's high past 9th grade. So in that time, my endorphins had to grow endurance, I had to be able to ignore unfiltered pain until it became normal. It's not encouraging that it was hindered so fast.

I'm absolutely certain you're doing the right thing. If I could keep this state of mind, I'd never doubt a thing.

So... I ate V8 with some peanut butter, V8 with oranges, oranges, and oranges. I can probably skip the peanut butter more often. Either 
I have to eat peanut butter or peas. 
I have to eat cereal or seeds, every time I exercise.
I eat vegetables for lunch.