For results: see "workout weightloss goal.txt"

goal of 150 lbs by November 1

preferred weight of 140 lbs unattainable before...

Information
The prior attempts to define what was capable for weightloss was based on internet provided research.

While metabolism and calorie consumption are correlated that does not mean they are 1:1 causality.

This 30-day diet on low calories will be an attempt to optimize vitamin consumption potentially observing whether metabolic disorders are in fact unrelated to calorie consumption.

The cells process nutrients (vital nutrients), muscles burn calories (fat), the human brain is the final mystery, what would dopamine have to do with metabolism? It makes you hungrier, right? So the end result of eating less is you're less hungry, right? Nothing else should correlate.

Evidence of long-term low-calorie diet is that your metabolism would shut down. However! On a high carb diet consisting of pasta my body still failed to maintain homeostasis. Why? Because of low potassium. After fasting for just two weeks, such a diet can lead to slower metabolism. Why? Because the nutrient consumption is far, far too little.

If the cutoff for metabolic disease is not solely calories-consumption calories burned, it is heavily influenced by vitamins-nutrients nutrients lost through basic functionality and under stress.

Hormones are produced by cells. Cells consume all nutrients to bind proteins. Metabolism is strongly influenced by hormones.

The simplest explanation is, a single missing nutrient will cascade into a disorder when proteins, enzymes, and catalysts necessary to maintain homeostasis are scarce. Calories shouldn't be that big of a deal.

It's worth finding out how true it is

Progress
My current information is from finally succeeding in improving my metabolism after 25 years, before that time I had absolutely no control over what I ate I don't even know if I ate enough. After that I exercised, and as a result I gained weight, and then when I was no longer in school I thought I had to keep active, which had very little positive influence.

Hypothesis: Calories aren't a major factor in metabolic function, so long as there's no underlying health problem like a vitamin deficiency, hormone deficiency, or disease.

In addendum some calories and carbs are necessary to maintain homeostasis.

Test condition:

200 calories daily
100g carb Saturdays (which will exceed 1200 calories)
200g carb Sundays (which will exceed 1500 calories)
limit while I'm > 10% body fat


What is known, Reasoning

When the liver has more than 100 grams of carbs stored, it will resist burning fat. It will store excess carbs as fat immediately.

Calories are necessary to produce energy and exert force. 

As long as I have excess of 10% fat stored, I shouldn't need to eat many carbs. Below 10% fat the experiment is irrelevant.

Carbs appear to be necessary to avoid a ketosis rash. It's unknown why. I have personally experienced it on the 10th day of fasting three times when I was keeping count.

Eating 100 grams of carbs on Saturdays and close to 200 grams of carbs on Sundays will hopefully lower the impact of ketosis.


Tentative conclusions:
If the hypothesis is true, I expect my metabolism will be exactly the same after 30 days. If I maintain 100 carbs per day for the next 30 days, I should not be able to gain more than 5 lbs of water weight. Maintaining vitamins.

If it's false, I should have a change in libido, energy. The hypothesis would be wrong... if libido improves dramatically it'd imply calories, and being overweight, are far worse than merely being vitamin deficient. The assumption that humans evolved to be physically active constantly, eating constantly, put in question. But not yet.

