You look really [dumb || smart]
I'm the boss
You must zig zag while hopping
?????????? idle animations [yawn || thump]
You can't talk outside zone 1
Bunnies are serious
You only rest well under cover

Faulty story of shather:
	Bunnies live on the ground. That's where we are. It's the best place.
	
	Humans don't enjoy the ground so they bicker constantly. There are tales of a sky land.
	
	[Do you have a problem with this? Let me finish.]
	
	There were winged creatures and humans who lived in the sky land together. Sky land was small. The angels saw how bad humanity was bad and tricked the humans into walking off the sky land. That's how they ended up down here. Fell.
	
	The humans keep fighting even though they're in paradise now. I can't stand that. If they could fall up that'd be cool.
	
Faulty history of bunnies:
	
	See all these bunnies. Look at our accomplishments. We play, we grow gardens with our magic, we have industry, infrastructure, we have tourism! Our ancestors came here and founded this wonderful land. Everything you see here is a gift. We are truly a gifted people.
	
	Bunnies rule the world ++ everything wears bunny ears
	
Bunny magic:
	
	Our magic. You'll know it. When you have to go and what you have to eat. It's natural magic.
	
Animal Prejudice:
	
	Bunnies are the best animals. We deserve the best.
	
	Animals are basically funny looking bunnies. Some hate the ground so much they barely touch it, they're a lot like the angels in that sky land, so keep an eye out.
	
	Humans are dangerous. They are HUGE. Don't let one pick you up! They have opposable thumbs, hypnotic eyes, and they're all gangly and weird. The bigger ones smell, it's like a natural repellent. The smaller ones are extra dangerous.
	
	Cats are dangerous. Some of them are big. Don't turn your back on one. They have really long paws, hypnotic eyes, and they're good at pretending to be friendly.
	
	Dogs are dangerous. The smaller they are the louder they are. They have these big dumb heads and hypnotic tails, and they dig. They mess with our burrows. They're noisy.