[somewhere around the start before you know about digging]

There is a visible bunny hole. When approached, from inside the cave comes a thump. A burly tall bunny withdraws from the cavern.

"Hi there, new friend! You must be admiring my burrow, that's the technical term for something a bunny dug shallow, it's like a smaller house. Nevermind. 

I was just guarding at rest in there with my buddy bunny. Have you ever seen such a beautiful sight? Remember that sight.

You know it is safe, indeed it smells perfectly normal for a place for rabbits to live in. Remember this smell.

I was guarding the entrance because one flaw a burrow has. No other exits. You are like me! You should remember to have a buddy guarding the entrance, like me. In case there's a cave-in who else can rescue you? In case a wild animal approaches who else will warn you?

I dug this hole so if you know I'm reliable this is a reliable hole. I am, but we just met!

Sometimes a hole is bottomless so you shouldn't jump in without looking. If it's a deep dark crevace at an extreme angle, remember it looks nothing like a burrow! Stay far away."

Another bunny hops outside from the hole.

"You see? My buddy trusts me completely and I trust them. We have much to gain from eachother, that is the cement of our relationship. Remember this buddy system is an honor system.

Would you like to take a look inside? If something comes along we will run away. Don't come out without us standing here."

Yes or no the bunny is allowed to dig practice holes.

"I see where you are headed. If you have some time would you help me dig this tunnel? It's a two ended tunnel, fairly complex hole to dig for one bunny. Two bunnies can make such a tunnel in half the time. Remember this type of hole.

Before you decide, you should get some sleep. It's been a big day for you. Would you like to rest in this burrow or that canopy perhaps? My friend and I will keep watch."

[tentative: first tunnel instructions]

"Because you're headed this way I could use your help to finish up a little project. This type of tunnel is two-way provides safety and travel options. First class. Remember this first class."

There is a hole.

"Tell me what you think about it."

The hole smells dry, and bunny friendly. There is no light within. This bunny dug the hole. He is friendly so it's not a trap.

"Well done. I'll go first. If you see anyone approach, thump.  I will definitely not leave the hole until you give another thump for safety.

While hidden. The third bunny approaches.

Thump. Bunny who digs exits the hole after seeing you sit still.

"Yes, you did it right. If you thump at the first strange sound, I can be safe. I like to go in and feel safe too. Buddies are different, so remember what your buddy does and always be safe.

"OK. It's your turn. Dig in! Dig in. It's what we were all waiting for."

While crawling through, there is a root which bunny noms. At the back there is a wall of soft dirt and the softness is refreshing. Instinctively the bunny digs in the wall of dirt, it gives way easily. This is great! At times it is rough so the bunny chews at it. After a while it exits, nudging the guard a little.

They take turns several times. There is a marked amount of distance left to dig.

"We're through, you can do the honors."

Digging through to the surface the light breaks in. The bunny chews through the grass roots and bursts out in the new location. The tunnel is dug, and now the bunny can dig all he likes.


FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS
[digging burrows: solo]

The soft soil gives way and after just a day of effort bunnies have a place out of sight to rest. They can also cover it with grass and leaves to keep other animals out.

[digging caves: dangerously, solo]

Even thought this is not the best idea the bunny digs in without a partner. While digging you never know what can be found. But it's less rewarding without a buddy to help. Why bother?

A noise makes the bunny freeze out of fear. Without a buddy to potentially distract the cause, it can go on for a long time hindering the digging fun.

[digging caves: safely, buddy]

If the buddy is also a digger he will dig. But if not, bunny digs most of the way and stops to rest.  When there is a thump it stops digging and waits to listen.  If the buddy is missing something is a problem and bunny waits longer for safety. Bunnies trust their buddy.

[digging tunnels outside: buddy]

Sometimes there is a great spot to dig and dig at both ends. This is a tunnel and shortcut.

[digging inside: solo]

It's not very nice for the home owner but it's nice for the bunny.

[black bunny network]

The black bunnies formed a super-highway. This may come into play.