When the bunny comes up to the next house there is a farm and an open porch. There are a large number of reddish brown bunnies who are pushing eachother.

In the middle is one stray rabbit who is barely visible in the daylight.

Approaching the other bunnies scares them away and touching the translucent image of another bunny transfers a glimmer into it.

Introducing Cooper Light.

"Hello. You aren't from around here. Oh you can't talk? Thanks for scaring those bunnies away, but they'll be back. If I had the mind to I'd tell them to hop away."

The wild bunny stays close, but never touching, affirming Cooper is a potential buddy.

"You can't come in the house.

Are you waiting for someone?

[It's really cute]."

A memory passage opens.

"I feel like I am bogged down by uncontrollable circumstances."

The three universal bunny laws are revealed.

Hop to thinks you like. Hop from things you don't like.
Discover new things and imagine.
Laws 1-3 are absolute. The rest is up to bunny.

"In the end I don't know why I do things, I only know there are reasons.

I can peer into other bunnies and see why they do things."

A grumpy by herself is grazing and staring at a reflection off a piece of glass on a wall. There is a bubble near the grumpy which upon clicking reads. "I need to know how the grass tastes over there."

After wiping the thought away, it is stored as a story, the Grumpy seems to have lost interest and drops the grass.

"What happened? She changed her mind too fast."

Adding the thought to your laws Cooper takes on the behavior of the other bunny, but as the light brightens he grows dim and can't see the other bunny.

"This makes no sense, there is only the grass I hold and that shiny surface."

The faux law dissolves and remains a story.

From inside the house walks a woman with a straw mat. She puts it down in plain view and walks back in.

A Grumpy bunny tells Cooper "You aren't allowed to walk on this, it is Grumpy territory" Cooper then resided at the edge of the straw mat unable to enjoy it, while the Grumpies played and gnawed on it.

The story was marked as a fact, and you are unable to refute this claim because every time Cooper walks on the mat he is compelled to get away.

When Cooper tries to chew things of property he loses his apetite.

When Cooper walks in daylight he is hard to see.

Each law, as it passes becomes visible for just a moment. When selected it enters into the stories.

Cooper remains unaware until you remove the top 4th law, that bunnies are made of light. When you do that he realizes that law defines his character and requests it remain unaltered.