A figure with a color of choice is visible from a distance, sitting reclined in a comfy chair. He's sipping some tea.

He gets up and sets up some dominos while Eoromwello talks to you. By the time you're done the scene skips to where the obstacle course is completed.

[trial 1, compass movement]
"Navigate this puzzle. I will acknowledge you are capable of reason and worthy to be taught."

The bunny does the easy puzzle.

The bunny goes into the bedroom. In the bedroom is a fun hiding game. After a short timer counts down the shadowman enters and begins cleaning the room. He talks while cleaning.

"You did very well. Please hurry up and go back to the room. You're shaming me into cleaning this mess!"

He cleans the entire room.

"Eoromwello. Come on, let's go."

Back in the livingroom he makes a speech.

"You are a part of me, even though we are very different. The shadows are a part of nature, and they can be misunderstood. Please try to understand.

Your intent is what matters. Use it."

[trial 2, shadow movement]
A shadow on the wall is met by a moving figure and the figure vanishes. The bunny is able to walk into the shadow to prove it understands.

"Good. Again."

A light shines across the figure and it vanishes. Then there is a shadow on the wall the light shines across.

"Good. Again."

The room is widened and the man watches as shadows near the window are lit and dimmed back to darkness repetitively.

"Navigate your way across this landscape without me noticing, and you will have the experience required to play in the shadows."

"I saw you. Do you want to try again?" / "Very good."

At any point the bunny gives up and addresses the man. He will pet the bunny and say. "Are you done?" Creating an opening to finish the puzzle without trouble.

[trial 3, sneaking]

"You can leave whenever you're ready to go outside."

He leaves the bunny-exit in the backdoor ajar and reclines before his coffe table, occasionally sipping coffee.

The door closes, clearly held shut by the hand of the shadow man.  Unless the bunny carefully navigates the room this is the result.  The bunny can approach the shadowman and get a free pass at any time.

[trial 4, play]

If the bunny harasses shadow man for some time he begins an arena play where he pets bunny and she runs around to avoid or enjoy this. It is freeform play without rules.

Shadowman changes his face to be more effeminate at times to see if she gets distracted, and he turns around to let her hide in things.


He begins a monologue.

"I know. This game is unfair. This game is pointless. By walking away or by giving up, it would have ended sooner. We're having fun now aren't we? I don't mean to trick you."

He stops playing.

"Wait. I have a request.

Do you think I am a bad person?"

Regardless of answer "I hope you understand. You are so special to me, I feel a connection to you because to me you're Eoromwello."


When she tries to leave through the backdoor with his consent shadowman interrupts one last time.  "I am ready for you to leave. Sorry I was so selfish."
