Just an idea about paradise

The wild bunny. After all its journeys can return to paradise in dreams, and in person.

/// DREAMS
In its dreams it remembers things, and occasional warnings. These manifest as insuppressible laws.

///// REAL PARADISE
A secluded piece of the forest full of wild bunnies!

They have a lot of fun all the time. There are bunnies who dig on the outs and bunnies who attempt to imitate humans on the ins.

In school they discuss how quiet bunnies learn faster. They practice sitting still for long periods of time. 

In garden they repeatedly grow and replenish their food supply.

The akb makes its rounds giving the bunnies hope for the wonderful place they've all worked to create and maintain. It shares all the knowledge of the past and present. It is especially difficult to contest its ideals.

//// DISSENTING GARDEN

sum;

Monrin the gardener is a wee bunny with nothing but its plants to care for. I believes that in order to maintain the garden it must remain solitary. There are no buddy gardeners. This way they are the only one responsible for the crops, and the bunnies stay healthy.

W "You don't need to be alone." Is what it told Monrin.

M "But I am not alone. I have my babies." It indicates the garden.

W "Another bunny gardener would mean twice as much work."

Monrin puzzles this out. It stands up to look around. Such a small garden, it took forever to nourish and water. Why is Monrin the only bunny who gardens? Monrin is the best of course. So many other bunnies used to garden, and just because Monrin could garden the best they gave up.

It relinquishes the right of gardener.

M "You're absolutely right.

I was being selfish. I thought it was for everyone else's sake. Look at this. I'm all alone.  Nobody else is allowed to think they can help me."

AKB "Monrin. You have grown the best plants for so long.

These plant seeds should be spread far and wide. Let more wild bunnies who roam free carry the seeds and garden all of nature!"

Akb saves face. Now in the paradise there are six gardens and three times as many bunnies. In the wild there are wild plants.

//// LAST CHANCE
When you return akb is dead...

Some of its more dependent followers are in disarray and disillusioned. They try to enforce the stories it told but they don't tell them well enough.

The bunnies who knew him as their moral guide and savior are distraught, dejected, worried about what comes next. 

The others are disillusioned because of how poorly society stood up at he passing of the leader, they want a new leader to tell them what to do.

The wild bunny. One of the bunnies who left paradise. It knew that this meant akb was gone. There was no more rivalry.

What this means for paradise is uncertain. Maybe things can work out if the bunnies believe what they're doing now. Maybe things can work out if the bunnies elect a new leadership. Maybe things can work out even if it all falls apart.