I really hope when it's done I can call it a zone designer, not limited to buildings or hidden tunnels.

I noted 3 tiers of design for "true dungeons" which are definitely skill based. 

Although it stems from placing 3D modules, the final product will have.
	2D designer - to quickly scale up
	
	3D designer - do anything the 2D can, plus adjust vertical positioning of decorative items
	
	3D designer (avatar) - an avatar limits movement
	
	Freeform Plans - No LOS. essentially a world builder, when the terrain only matters to you.
	
	Gov. Plans - mark terrain for goal and zone sites. When the terrain can be contested.  But your purpose is to ideally improve conditions, and need to convey the info both directions.
	
	Tower - a deadly defense which marks the user as a powerful territorial player, for:  exploited zones (pk), private (base), restricted - military (gov), and team combat (scenario)
	
	If the dungeon is the muscle then...
	Vault - the stomach
	Workspace - the mind, easily the most vulnerable intellectual component
	Worker - The blood (can be robots)
	
	Items - Main components from catalogue, placed items have limits (they can't block movement like a wall)

Done ::
	o save the dungeon
		>o a distinct save name
			I can set the default dungeon name 
			it's "TestLevel"
		o a list of spawned items
			options
			?1 make new spawnable, or 
			o 2 anything that just needs to be instanced and posititioned can have a generic spawnable
				the Save method needs to be called, or the loading breaks down instantly
			x Now what would be nice is if changes in position were saved (i'll worry about this when they actually move)
		o saveee itt
			I should be able to leave and enter a different dungeon after
			
Donelist
DUNGEON DESIGNER
	########
	3D build mode
		there is an avatar in 3d build mode
		I just need tools
		A starting block 
			a starting block / spawn point in case there's no entrance. It's ok not to have an entrance, as long as there's an exit. 
			
			Think dungeon could be a trap.
		
		Tools
		o 1 remove wall to add room
			add room > add "remove wall" at the selected cue position
		o 2 add wall can hide rooms
			remove "remove wall" > add walls it removed back. 
			
			
		o 3 remove room will add all the walls back, hiding the room
		
		? You might "undo" a hidden room, I don't want to delete it just in case. Recreating unique objects can always move them.
		
		o 4 save
		
	o change ceiling to barrier
	o  I have to change floor colliders to barrier while they're invisible (to avoid mouse blocking)?
		alt I segregate/disable entire sections of the dungeon

	o LOS checks
		x get the room the wall is part of, set the xxxroom activexxx
		o set the mesh visibility state

		o items use LOS nodes
		
	o multi-level dungeon
		incredibly complex dungeon is possible, like a multi-layered
		maze. But I think I should keep it simple and finish control setup with a run through.
		
		
		
	I can make an easy edit mode, 
	o	remove a wall with a modifying collider
			+B force player to finish it
			+c auto-check, and if things don't connect?
	#########