
I only save one selected item backup (I could... pin it)
initial accepted master idea
	when using
	PREVIEW - an uninteractable version/view
	OK - replace all values with previewed ones
	CANCEL - close list
	Reset/Replace individual values
	
	the final potential is to bring in multiple forms "previews"
		Achieved, and they're not just previews.

	and compare values across the list.
		No values worth comparing.
	

	Organized workspace
	having multiple forms open is not going to work perfectly without keeping a desktop. I mean a workspace. An easy way to keep clean. 
		Maybe later!

Pseudocode (dated)
	load menus should just work

	assume one form at a time
	that load button on forms though... it's a thinker
		inherit/reference list creator
			destroy list
				1 automatic on destroy
				2 a time after closing it
			
			click {
			open: if closed
			close: if opened
			}
			
			select item => spawn a form preview (no load button please)
				press ok : send signal up
	ok pressed:
		replace with the loaded form
		

Done:	
	Form UI Load list
	as a player. To be sure I selected specific items.
		x have the saved file recolor. x nah, it autoselects it
		o favorite file recolor, mark.
		o change the selected document somehow
		o add name around the save area so I know what's open
		
		
	o a (proto) preview on list select, non-interactable other than drag
	now let one preview exist at a time.

	o form using list to load:preview/ok/cancel
		- I can actually open multiple forms to "preview" manually, but this is slower than falling down a list.
	o add discard.	




	o Made a lot of changes to form x list interface.
		pretty much every function in FormLoadExitS
		
		mark for deletion
		undo prev mark
		unmark
		save  (deleted thing)
		search
		update list on form save
		list scrolls regardless of new or not
		
		unique element property, force a hashed list
		
		? (not implemented) determine if I hide or color/mark things for deletion
			easy, just needs list and button
		
		open button / it copies
		
	
	o // now I want some way to force the form to load without changing the autosave.
		uhh well, save it?
	
	o // there needs to be a "use" save. 
	there needs to be an inventory