Indicator (Incl. Point and click) functional
1 a program element recognizes the input should be targeting a single "front" element (*may be invisible)
	eg unity's event system - also has many streamlined classes
	
	#1 user- input context (non-finite context)
	This requires a response to the user input with incredible flexibility, per case basis. programmer intensive.
	
	#2 focus indicated element
	I use a window system that focuses every window up the hierarchy (if intended), and keeps track of current focus
		switching focus is left flexible
	

Data transmission
2 a hub system that relays information from a local scope (safe). important that everything auto connects.

	info relayed:
	i simple version: the objects in the system "connect" from a ping command. All connected objects retrieve data from their object goal at will.
	
	ii guarded version: the objects send coded messages
	
	
	derivative
	2A.
	 a hub system for buttons

	resource safe: like simple version with a message sent on click, which informs connected objects to update
	
	2B.
	 limiting choice (radio buttons)
	a "radio" style hub for
	a closed system, pretty simple
	
	it goes on...
	An old version used a hub for a single action, where this version displays the true power.

future system
	static hub aka a data manager
		reason: search and find functionality, although similar, lacks the directness of any singleton class instance.
	
	present: incomplete:
	the action system (actor, data recorder)
		pretty much records every action that  results in a stat change, and predict future game behavior
		
		stats - yeah...
		
	
Data viewing functions
A list that has information displayed and produces dynamic UI output
	1 Generic list is this, for string output.
	
	2 Object list is this, for a pre-existing gameobject
	
	The data references is really programmer dependent
	
	Req. component
	Text field - Unity UI for keyboard inputs (buggy cursor support)

preliminary systems
	forms
	
	save files, with list
	
	catalogue
	
future systems
	drop list, simulated option slot
	quick inventory, use icon
	open inventory, icon and text