Summmary of the devil's 
Ch11
REST
	explain all this
	Rather than explaining it, describe it happening.
	
	The past 3 chapters were review, worldbuilding etertainment, and introduction of Rivals
	
	Satan accomplished these things

		knew he has something hidden from where he came
		spent a long time gathering power in the first half of the story, as well as during all this before he 
	
		remembered he has a name, but doesn't know it
		Satan left the basement without an explanation
	
		then what did he do? He continued recruiting, of course. Describe them.
		
		
PREP
	
	is a good time for a turning point 
	
	introduce new vessels, new acolytes, and more victims who got involved since the coven's been reduced to only three apparent women willing to visit the cellar
	
	
	Significant events recorded on "power cast list.txt" can be reported on
		Significant events are all sources of power
		
		I can probably say something short like, "there are a lot of clubs and demon"
		
	Summary of "witches Char List 2.txt" 
		There is one vessel
		There are three associates
		There are four significant demons that remain
		There are two sisters
	
	Gather more witches and thralls
	
GOAL
	Witches having sex. Sin. Easily gathers power for Satan. He can summon demons allowing them to sleep with women for power.

	He has some goals he remembers, people he knows currently thinks he's Satan which is pretty good (It's not his real name though)
	
	Delegate
	
CONFLICT
	
	Plan

		It's probably best if they keep bringing more recruits directly to him.
	
		hybrid offspring
		victory in arenas
		growing resources
		etc.
	Timing?
		The rift brings in new blood but it also presents an encroaching danger
		
		The territory's been put under wraps for now so it can be said conquering it is completely without risk. However, the demons are holding back human resistance now. If they leave, it's an issue.
	Barriers
		
		It's not really well known right now what is possible. The Devil limits risk.
		
		He could make more empowered witches, after the initial loss to demons and MIA not frequenting the basement.
	
Interference
	Rogue demons
	Scientists
	Opposition
		Organizations made to deliberately conflict. 
		Supernatural, outer-circle demons.
		Mythological, potential assets / risks.
		
		Party Locations that might resist somehow
		
	Significant Events - Requires report
		The Rift can be described as a link to the demon realm from Earth, but has brought other creatures with unknown power 
		The sex clubs (demon,fairy,beast, hybrid,furry,succubus)
		
		Tournaments to share or trade power, could be attended by vessels or the devil if he wants to stop hiding (conflict)
		
		Terror Raids are preventing humans from behaving normally, perhaps this is more leverage than conflict but it does mean fewer humans to contact
		
		There's a DM demon with power worth looking at, although it can't be the only one, it's making its own small army of empowered women as well as recruiting defenders
		
		The Ivory Diary that describes the Devil's influence, however little detail there may be - Trista protects it, MIA
		
	
Unforseen
	The Rivals chapter depicts a mercenary group headed by a cyborg
	
		
	The witches were not prepared for the consequences of having magic powers, The Devil never warned them

	-not that any of them care now

	Cyborgs produced for over 100 years, mercenaries, anything human-manufactured that might be able to combat demons.
	
	Significant Events
		Ongoing Cyborg production
		
	There's a human voice mimic looking for someone special
	
REST
	Ok. While this is all going on The Devil is trying to grasp his own true potential. This can mostly be done remaining in one place, allowing more witches to come to him. As his power grows, he can create more vessels, and who knows what else.
	
	His power grows. This should be enough until they run out of room to expand or his presence becomes known.
	
	How'd he take over Marblebrew by delegating, in summary? How much of it does he control?
	
Ch12
	For the next several chapters...
	
	Rather than explaining who Satan is, talk about anyone he's committed to controlling or empowered recently
	
	It will be worth describing the events rather than glossing over them.
		

REST
	
Recount the previous events
	Magic is real is a pretty good line for the naive Celes. I suppose whoever this is will have a slightly different concept of what really matters.
Create the setting, set the stage
	There'a f n demon rift baby
	I should really go play that hypno game
	
	We're not in Marblebrew anymore, because that place is done
	
	The Town of Eastern Acornfalls
	
PREP

Introduce
 old self,  new self,  home,  family
 
From  point of view, what is  planned? 

Sex, m-f relations, more?

 why?

GOAL

	The goal is the same as the one Layla had. Sex, sin, the mission.
What is possible?

What influence can leverage on the goal?

CONFLICT

Timing
barriers
Interference
unforeseen circumstances.

RESOLUTION
Specifically, what happens failing goal.

What actions are taken that were / were not part of her original plan.

CLIMAX

Success / Failure and unfurling plot

REST
optional?
Foreshadowing, sense of accomplishment / failure