THREAT LEVEL - OUTDOORS

You're outdoors if you exit a house without using a portal, and there's no fence.

Every animal outside that sees you increases your threat level. It's reset when you sleep in cage till the next day.

0 being caught returns you home.
10 being caught sends you to a city vet, then delivered home.
25 you are sent to a bunny jail. Jerri has to come get you personally.
50 the log only reads "I've forsaken everything." you're immune to certain effects. and when you die, you start before then. If you're caught you're brought outside the city limits, and if you dig immediately you'll live.


0 Humans who see you pick you up
1 Black bunnies watch from objects
at night the black bunnies invade your dreams, and if you wake up you're back home

3 patrols start to approach: dog, cat, etc.
Threat increases

10 A bird will land and quickly set up a teleporter
15 Black bunnies wait in many shadows, and drop you down a warp hole

20 Humans appear to be actively looking, holding stuff, there is bait you can take worth hearts

22 Humans take pictures of you and more unusual animals show up

Next level occurs if you commit a deadly action. Most animals vanish, or avoid you.

25 animals have force fields and attempt to reduce your hearts.
Humans with cybernetics sweep the area, and they drop nets or catch you.
there's a "killer bunny" alert

30  dogs and noise traps are around most houses

cats jump out of hiding, and run away if you spot them
there's a wanted poster with your face on it

35 the public buildings are on alert
other animals show up.  They carry deadly weapons that'll deal two hearts.

40 it's getting foggy
danger visibility is low
if you sneak into someone's house they call police with a short response time and try to close doors.

45
A special mixed race bounty group show up
public food containers are hidden

To reach this point you display remarkably destructive, or deadly tendencies to your owner.

50 it rains
mystery animals disappear
social story ends with the humans abandoning their houses
you dream about that last moment, like a warning, every night