POPULATION and LIVABILITY
The city is underpopulated, with housing of up to three floors height, with up to three families living in the larger dwellings.

There is a gas station every twenty miles with a single pump per. The locals ride a bike or walk most places inside the city.

The central district blooms out in a circular pattern, it has offices and markets. One would have to travel roughly three miles from the outskirt of town before running into the first central grocer, most local communities aggregate their shopping and split it at a local stall.

WILDLIFE
The  wilderness in most sections harbors land mammals, bugs, birds, and very few fish.


There is a native "black bunny" which has a thin body and bold ears, they dig holes by the roadside and look out at passers by. It is believed to belong to the same genus as a wild rabbit.

Some felines live in the southwest which are large enough to endanger children, but are not known to be hostile of humans. The city remains safe because of their domestic animal system.

Wild dogs are fed by the people who live there and visit houses. It's believed that the dogs are important to scare away larger animals, but some of them are quite large and can be intimidating.

In the Southeast there are sightings of strange fresh water mammals, even mermaids.

NATURAL RESOURCES
Herbs grow wild,  domestic crops are scattered by the wind and wildlife.

There are several narrow forested strips separating settlements and smaller growths far between. Bushes with wild fruits grow, as well as tropical vines.

TOURISM
There is a lofty mountain range in the southwest which is rooted by sun and spring berries. There are natural growths of moss and trees which outlived time itself.

Witnesses claim that they see flying creatures, odd distinguished animals like Bigfoot and even mermaids. There are festivals which celebrate the sightings in the Northwest, although many of the reports are based on the South.

RESEARCH
The herbs in the northern region are being thoroughly tested for medicinal properties. They taste pretty good, some are similar to cinnamon and peppermint, the works.

The southern spring berries are renowned for their sweetness and provide a natural sweetener.

All the more interesting is that the large vegetation in the South and West, scientists say they want to explore, but there's never enough excitement.

Few of the local researchers dare to look into the geography and plant life, making claims that this is not in their field of study.
The top field of research in Shather city is animal pharmaceutics seconded by electronics and engineering, and lastly nutrition.
