Actors
Jerri Mercury, aka Ms. Kitty
	Guardian of bun Whitebeard
	Works at apothecary (pharmaceutical)
Ms. Christie Renna
	Went to school with Ms. Kitty
bun Whitebeard

Encounter:
	at school, school is all about making new friends, it's like a speed dating service for friendships.
	
	an animal kindness retreat is set up today.
	
	In the West parking lot of the school building there is a garden. On the day of the retreat all the children of Kitty's class went there. The animals were there waiting.  Kitty pet the animals and fed them healthy food and she thought she could never eat without thinking about one of them again.
	
	Kitty bumped into another young girl Christie and they became fast friends glancing at eachother and smiling. They could get used to one another so quickly that they felt like it was impossible to separate completely from that point on, and they kept in touch.
	
Brief about Christie:
	Christie has mixed ties with upper Shather and her family has low influence on lower Shather.  She has relatives who are technically pure-blood animal anthromorphs by marriage.  Despite this and her innate love of the animals she still lives in Shather on the South side.

Brief about Bunneh:
	Bunneh is a whitebeard dwarf rabbit, brown, and white. He's lived with Jerri for a long time.
	
Visiting Ms. Kitty for playdate:
	1.	They talk about men they've met.
	2.	They eat
	3.	Ms. Kitty has Christie hold bunneh
	may sleep over
	may have private time in Ms. Kitty's room
	
Display Above
Display
	Affection for eachother
	Emotional tension
	Friendship
	Bunny influencing outcome of their meeting

Entering the Apartment
Jerri and Christie walk up to the dual apartment. Christie smiles when Jerri looks at her. The key is put into the lock and 'click' the door is unlocked. Jerri, or Kitty as she's nicknamed by her friends, placed her finger to her lips and they both walk in. It's no surprise to Christie what Kitty has in mind.

After removing their shoes and Jerri put on her slippers she walks into the livingroom and takes Bunneh out of his cage. She begins to kiss him, and while holding him she's also hugging him, he does little to protest, and returns little bunny kisses to her on demand. She gently places Bunneh down and he hops a few steps away and sits still, possibly tired from the ordeal, possibly gearing up for mischief.

After settling in
Kitty "I need to get supper ready."

They have supper and Christie does most of the work trying to make conversation.  The apartment looks very clean. Bunneh isn't very active.

They sleep.

The next day it's the weekend. They have their energy. They laugh and play games. Christie stops the fun for a moment to drop a bombshell. "I think I met a new friend, you'll like to meet her." Kitty agrees. "I heard her brother is a sailor from the Southeast, you should see his boat. Don't you like the water?" Kitty strongly disagrees and they both understand the irony.

Closeups for silence during breakfast.

Bunneh nips at Kitty's pants leg. The immediately begin talking again and taking precarious looks at Bunneh as he orchestrates their emotions with hops and dashes across the room.  They smile and laugh at him, starting to talk about him.

They settle down on the couch and begin pinching eachother until Kitty cries stop. They begin whispering, it's just quiet enough Bunneh can't hear. The look on their faces suggests it's embarrassing. 

They finish up breakfast by going into Kitty's bedroom together and closing the door. Bunneh isn't allowed in. Sometime after lunch Kitty hands Christie her bunny, he scrambles at her imperfect touch, Christie has a practiced grip after many years. Kitty is amused.

Christie is seen off, Kitty and her walk outside.