
Bunneh is in a glass cage surrounded by hay.  The cage is surrounded by a room with one window.  Inside the room are plastic objects arranged in rows. There is one great soft raised surface that covers an entire section where his Big Bunny (bigger than him) grazes.  There's a wooden portal which opens and closes (cabinet).

In the hay there's a ceramic bowl with water, his well-chewed hiding spot. Over in the corner, his poop.

The window is near, slightly off to the side. The light out of the window doesn't contact Bunneh directly.  Most of the sunlight is trapped long before it reaches him, so he's never too hot. Not that he'd have any trouble, his hiding spot is near.

The plastic makes a very subtle fizzing noise. Noise elsewhere drowns it out during the day while he's resting. Bunneh has gotten used to this fizzy plastic and other noise.

The soft spot for Big Bunny is perfect because Bunneh can hide under there too, if he could get out of his cage without a sound that is. If he could get out he'd hop onto it, oh he shouldn't. It's better to sit where he can gaze back at Big bunneh. On her spot within view lies a closed laptop computer. She is home, he knows this. Bunneh feels a desire to see her and continue the social (loving) gaze and the trust and funny feelings inside him.

Outside of all of it is a continuous droning. Bunneh has seen this outside. The whole room is in an enormous hiding spot, sort of like his cage, called a house. Around that are metal things that move in rows. Each one fumigates, marking its territory. Each one moves like a perpetual boulder rolling uphill.  Around that is something less consistent, less manic. Wood, brown, green, and animals. He can hear but never really see those things from his cage. He's wary when he thinks there's something unusual like that near him.  He felt the ground too. The outside ground is hard, like the floor in this room. His cage surface is soft so he likes it best.

He can always hear the metal on the outside. That, and the fizzing plastic beside him. Sometimes it reminds him he's been there a while.

He never tasted really green grass. There's always plenty of greener grass elsewhere, out of reach. 

Bunneh noms hay, it soothes him. His thoughts drift and subside.

???: "Hi bun."

A female human enters. She sits on the bed. From this angle Bunneh recognizes his Big Bunny and he fixes his body angle so his better eye (his gaze) is continuously on her. His other eye is facing the wall, does nothing right now.

Mechanical beeps sound from the laptop when she raises the lid. A gentle tune plays. For some time there are weird noises coming out of it and Big Bun pokes it with tapping strokes that produce clak and plastic thumps. It barely makes sense.

Bunneh doesn't mind. She's looking his way. He's doing the one thing that matters. It's relaxing to know just how dependable his Big Bunny is.


Caption: [Bunneh, 4 years old.]

In his mind, bunneh thinks this is like Big Bunneh's grazing time.

He hears a wood stick a distance away snapping and instinctively thumps, alerting a grazing buddy. 

???: "hi hi."

Big Bunny is calm. That's good.

There's a soft thud, it must have been nothing. He will definitely stay sharp. If he hears suspicious crackling he'll be a true asset one day to this place. A bunny is never too vigilent.

Caption: [Jerri Mercury, 17 years old.]

Jerri (Big Bunny) is playing computer games. Slightly out of Bunneh's view on the bed she has a schoolbook behind her with a page full of notes beside that.

Bunneh is allowed out of the cage, and is petted and plays running back and forth in the small room for a while.  Energy well spent.  Then it remains still under the bed.

Jerri goes to sleep while playing, exhaustion apparently, text chatting.  It gets dark. Bunneh hops into his cage and eats hay for long hours. He drinks. 

Since his cage is open...

Pee.

Pee.

Bunneh goes pee outside his cage.

He nibbles the wooden chair and plays in the desk.  He chews holes in the walls.

Jerri is upset.

"Bun. I'm punishing you, you only get an hour outside today."

A moment passes and Jerri solves the peeing problem in her mind for now.

[New rule system. You have to be in your cage at night. Jerri will get angry if you disappear don't follow the rules.]