Subtitle: [Bunneh is Age 6 years and 8 months.]

The first day.



There is a cage. In it rests Bunneh. Bunneh is a fully matured dwarf rabbit. Some white fur rests at the crease of his chin and his belly. His whiskers are shiny black and glint in the light. He has brown eyes, attentive, passionate. He's very excited. He's very still.


MORNING (5 am - 8 am)
Jerri walks in. Bunneh lifts himself up and plants two paws on the glass door to his cage. It signals "let me out."

Jerri opens his cage while he begs. Jerri then goes to the kitchen and tosses out a carrot. She heats up her breakfast of oatmeal and raisins. She sits down and eats her raisins at the table with the TV on.

He is terrible at finding the gnarly cold carrot. He is an expert at devouring it.

He eats while Jerri eats. They both make loud chewing noises, smack smack of the lips, buffeting their contented palette, sociably signalling enjoyment of their equal yet individual feast.


In his glass cage he has all the Timothy hay he can stomach. He can drink water from his bowl. He often looks around at the room all day, planning, resting. It's not at all like a carrot.

When he's done, Bunneh has 15 minutes to hop around and enjoy his short-lived freedom. 

Outside his cage in the immediate room, the livingroom, he can try to hop on chairs or some other high-up places, which annoys Jerri. He has been trained not to annoy her, he won't try it. He can't try it. He can hide under the high-up places. He can't pee, although he wants to. He will pee if he calms down enough.

When it's time to get ready for work away from home, Jerri holds and kisses Bunneh, allowing him to kiss her back. This is annoying since she picks him up all   the   time. If he doesn't kiss her she remembers he's being mean, and she'll be direct about it later, demanding extra kisses while holding him. She puts on a soft somewhat iridescent jacket and packs her laptop for carry. Then she says "cage" and bunneh goes, door closing after him.

Out the door Jerri is quick quick.  Snapping the door knob in place. A gentle crack of the hammer lock, the door is... 

Bunneh can't see any of this happening. He's caged. It all happens one room over in the hallway. He has this idea, Big Bunny is keeping him safe and he just has to wait.

MID (9 am - 5pm)
Long hours pass in moments as Bunneh whiles most of the mild, conditioned day, silently, motionless. Unless he's particularly thirsty he won't even sip from his ceramic bowl. He can be awoken with a little [UI] poke. He'll start at the sound of cars. He is still very alert about his surroundings even if he's asleep.

While in his safe place he rests his long ears against the nape of his neck and shuts out the noises. But now, he is working, keeping his place safe without any help from Big Bunny. His ears are upright. 

His "super power" lets him sense the world in motion, without ever having to leave the comfort of his livingroom. His hearing allows him to distinguish noises a mile away and their direction, as well as something about the location. 

From his experience he can guess what is going on and practically see it. This place is different from where he grew up. It is quite a fascinating world, and with much less metal. 


EVE (6 pm - 10 pm)
In the evening, it's still light this time of year when Jerri returns. Bunneh is always in the shade no matter how bright it really is.

She gets something to eat while Bunneh urges her to let him out.  She lets him out and replaces the hay if she forgot to do it that morning.  Sometimes she adds in nutritional food stuff or a green. Plenty of hay for Bunneh.

The exciting new grub makes Bunneh's stomach grumble. He mows it down finding the best stuff and pushing the rest around to hop on and rest on later.

Bunneh has one hour to hop around out of cage. It's his time, if he wants it. Entertain him [UI].

Attempting to hop into the kitchen gets him demerited. Jerri has a perception that Bunneh will do bad things, she marks him so. The junk pale is there. He may start fishing for carrots and junk. Any other location is lead to by the hallway outside of the livingroom, and only limited by wooden doors.

He gets in trouble for hopping on Jerri's bed, but only if she finds out. She must have left the room open for him, right? Besides, Jerri's bed is AWESOME, Bunneh wants it but he senses it's hers.

There is a mini garden on the porch, it's enclosed, somewhat. Jerri feeds the grass she grows to Bunneh, he just turns on the vacuum. It's all gratification at this point. He'll eat anything he's given by hand, it's such a sweet gesture he thinks, like she provides from her mouth.

After eating some dinner, noodles and peas, a glass of milk, cheese, and a sour cake dessert, Jerri is tired and fastened at rest on the livingroom bed. When she's awake she pets Bunneh and falls asleep, even while petting him. He can sense it in her heartbeat, she calms down. He enjoys kissing her hand and feet sometimes, she's clearly his equal... or is it, uh... well, nevermind. Him glad. She has enormous paws and can lazily retreat without giving chase, a power he can't comprehend.


NIGHT
Bunneh is made to give away some free kisses and then go back in his cage. Jerri always sleeps in her room with door closed.

Bunneh eats all night if he's in his cage, and rests when he isn't hungry.