Bunneh remembers the bookshelf, he remembers the taste and smell of chairs, he remembers his safe place best, and he remembers Jerri fondest. When he thinks about carrots he wants one.  And, where he's been to already, he remembers those places.

There are hatching marks on parts of the house where he instinctively wants to scratch, even before he's been there he knows he can dig inside the walls and the floors.

The furniture he guards are a little bit of magic to Bunneh. He sees the light coming out of these places when he's alone.

MORNING (5 am - 8 am)

Same as before and...

The light is gone. Bunneh can improve and try things. Jerri isn't paying attention unless he's too noisy. 

Careful, carefully, Bunneh rips a hole in the wall behind the bookshelf.  Bunneh checks the underside of a chair and brushes it clean.  He pushes the chair over slightly. He nips at a book cover and doesn't have enough time to finish it so he puts it back.

MID (9 am - 5pm)

Bunny memory available. He rests. The outside thrums.

The light is visible and a small play of tiny bunnies takes place in the livingroom, within view of the cage. Just outside the cage. Right under the spots Bunneh visited. Outside at the time Bunneh can't go. This is something Bunneh remembers now too.

Bunneh has a thought. If he could escape, then...

EVE (6 pm - 10 pm)

Jerri brings home a box. She puts it down gently. Bunneh thinks he knows that gentle feel.  There must be something precious.

Bunneh takes a close look by bobbing around, up and down goes his head.  It's very peculiar, not very fun looking, like a plastic box.  It may contain a thing, or it could even contain him.

There's a noise, like a whine.  He's heard it before from another box, but it was always very brief, and nothing came out of the other box he heard. Something seems like it could come out of this one. Almost definitely not him.

Bunneh is let out of his cage, he gets a closer look because Big Bunny never did something so dangerous Bunneh couldn't go right up. Except that voom voom thing... nevermind.

There's a short eared-long haired wide faced kind of bunny in the container with hypnotic eyes.  

"This is Kitteh. Say hello."

Kitteh stays in the cage all evening and doesn't come out or show much interest at all. What a bore.  Bunneh decides if Kitteh won't come out, he will just ignore it.


NIGHT

Jerri moves Kitteh into her room at night.

She forgets to close Bunneh's cage.

He has all night with the room! So many things he can do without being prevented. 

He gets tired after about thirty minutes and goes back to eat hay. During this time he is visited by soul bunnies.

Adapted from [Whitebeard Popin v2 ](FIRST NIGHT)
---
They don't talk but they have a curious look about them, they frequently periscope to try to see how Bunneh does. They keep their distance, so does Bunneh. Soon Bunneh's soothing aura relaxes them.

After a short while the small, dark blue bunnies begin to observe parts of the room until they go back, into that light they came out of, next to the bookshelf and the chairs, leaving Bunneh behind.

Bunneh remembers the soul bunnies. He has a dream about the light later.
---

He has access to the computer.  With that he can learn about cats. He can discover things about the outside. He has access to the glowing light land where soul bunnies tunnel out of. 

He can read books and cause collateral damages by digging at the walls. It does make Jerri sad but it gives Bunneh freedom.

