A thought bubbles out.

Bunneh: "Big Bunny is going on adventures so. 
 
So... So will I! Later.

I rest and eat hay while I plan."

MORNING (5 am - 8 am)


Jerri is a bit confused. Bunneh had the cage open and didn't make any trouble for her.

Under the rug, over there behind the bookshelf against the wall, there! the other room in the closet, right here behind the bed, under the sink in the bathroom.- 

-Bunneh has dug through, cracked, bulldozed. Double. no! tripled the apartment's usefulness through patent improvements last night alone, that much is obvious.

Jerri will be mad when... if she finds out. Bunny knows it deep down.  He hid his work well.

Jerri takes Kitteh out of the building but her room still has Kitteh smell.

 
MID  (11 am - 2 pm)

Bunneh is too hungry to explore. He eats.

Time slips forwards.

Bunneh's thoughts repeatedly point to adventures, smells, and sounds. "I'm so excited." Is all he thinks while he vigorously devours pellets with hay. He downs some water, smacking his lips, wiggling his nose occasionally like a tiny engine propelling this mind.

MID AFTER (2 pm - 5 pm)

Without prior adventure. Bunneh is ready. 

"I go now!" He seems to say, hopping to the portal at the window.  He feels a moment of triumph that his hard work paid off.



EXPLORING
Bunneh has a little over one hour to explore. Before he'll breakdown he will rush back to his cage, looking like he is. He is Bunneh, the house bunny. Appropriately tired, subdued, lethargic. No longer concerned about exploring. A restful, soft, fluff.

He can explore the yard. Maybe there's more to it than grass and bushes.

[Whitebeard Yard]
	GARDEN
	BLACK BUNNIES
	DECORATE THE BACK YARD
	TOO FAR!

Any time he wants he can visit the soul bunnies right in the livingroom. He calls them Popins.
[ Whitebeard popin ]

On the computer, he can access the web and become an e-buni. Other e-bunis say hi and send e-pfotos. It's mostly memes and ear pictures.
	Share ear pictures.
	Get trolled by cats.
	Bill Jerri for supplies. Jerri won't remember if she ordered them or not.


Jerri locks up her books. Before that Bunneh learns about new
	SMELLS
	TASTES
	PLACES
	ANIMALS

The books he "discovers" are fascinating adventures in his dreams. Perhaps they're also a fascinating reality. Considering he's seen more of that than the outside now in so little time, it sounds right.

EVENING

Such an eventful day!

ADAPTED FROM MsKitty [Skit MsKitty x Christie](Entering the Apartment)

Bunny sees an old friend of Big Bunny walk into the apartment with her, he knows her name is Christie. Christie calls Jerri "Kitty" a lot. Bunneh can't stop thinking Kitty when Christie does this.

Jerri puts on her slippers, walks into the livingroom and takes Bunneh out of his cage.  She begins to kiss him, and while holding him she's also hugging him. He looks a bit like a stuffed doll at this moment. 

The shift in degrees of motion caused him to suddenly lose his train of thought.  Now he can't remember any other plans.

Jerri: "I missed you so much today."

Bunneh returns bunny kisses, like he's taught.  She gently places Bunneh down and he hops a few steps away and sits still, gearing up his mind for mischief once again.

The ordeal wore him out. Although deep in his mind he has a spreading joy of the love he shares so deeply with Big Bunny [Kitty].

There is silence during the simple snacks they eat. The two best friends are comfortable spending time as though they were alone.

Bunneh nips at Kitty's pant leg. The two begin taking precarious looks at Bunneh as he orchestrates their mood with hops and dashes across the room.  They smile and laugh at him. The emotions they can't contain. Christie cries, as is her way.  Jerri has to get up for a few minutes.

They settle down on the couch and begin pinching eachother until Kitty stops and goes full defense. Too timid to escalate. They whisper, closely next to eachother. It's just quiet enough Bunneh can't hear. The look on their faces suggests it's embarassing. Crawling right up and touching them he can hear one side of the conversation.

NIGHT

Christie sleeps over. Bunneh is in his cage. He refuses to explore twice per day even if the soul bunnies let him out.