Today is the first day all week that Jerri doesn't need to go to work.

Christie slept over in Jerri's room.

MORN

Bunneh is awake, locked in his cage, where he should be. Jerri lets him out, same as usual. He has some free time and a carrot. He goes about his business, but not in that order.

They finish up breakfast with toast and eggs and they share a snack.

The two girls go back into Kitty's bedroom where Kitty has her laptop open.  They spend all morning there. This leaves a little rabbit out to do whatever he likes. 

After lunch with soup and veggies Kitty hands Christie her bunny.  He's tired. Even so he scrambles at the imperfect mastery of bunny holding Christie has to find a way out. Christie has a practiced grip after many years and she can find the right maneuver to calm him. After a moment she has it right and he's pacified. Kitty is amused.


They play some music. Bunneh's instinct forces him to slow down around them, the sounds music makes is odd and unpredictable. 

They're also talking.  He needs to concentrate to listen to them talk over the music. From time to time they drop things on the floor which are interesting to look at, his concentration doesn't win this battle, he backs away, moves around staring at the thing they dropped until it's clear it won't move again.

There are some toys that Christie takes off the shelves.

They were always there in the house. Bunneh never found them interesting.  

It is more fun to see the big bunnies attempt to play with them directly in front of him.  He thinks they're careless playing like this while predators could come from any direction, at any moment.  He'll be on guard and protect them.

Christie stops the play for a moment and very clearly, with forced delight says "I met a new friend, you'll like to meet her." Kitty agrees. "Her brother is a sailor from the Southeast, you should see his boat. Don't you like the water?" 

Kitty disagrees to that but can't seem to say no. It was a quickly dropped offbeat way of asking Jerri to go on a blind date.  A sense of danger, Bunneh isn't sure about this, it's not like they're being watched. More like Kitty would disappear and never return! He'll lose her forever! Christie why?

There is a chance for Bunneh to interrupt this moment.  He's out of influence range, still listening.  With Jerri away he can go adventuring again, not today. However, with Jerri gone forever he will miss her so much.

They take out puzzles. Things are silent while the Television sings away. They click the puzzles together.

How much of that was in Bunneh's imagination?

MID
In his cage again. Christie and Kitty are away. He doesn't need an invitation and slips away as deftly as a bunny can. The potted plants he purchased for the porch wouldn't even miss him today.

Bunneh goes about in discovery mode until his exhaustion presses him to sleep on the hay or, if he feels brave, on a bed.

EVE
Tired bunny doesn't move from bed.

Jerri returns, finding Bunneh's cage open.

Jerri: "How'd you get out?"
Bunneh: "..."

Jerri: "I'm going to need you to be brave for me. We'll both be meeting many new friends every day. It's our tradition."

NIGHT
Same as usual with one explosive thought. Which friends does Bunneh know about so far?

"New friends!? Who..."  and he falls fast asleep. He remembers some friends he met long ago, they enter his mind incomplete, with some of the nuances out of place.