The days to come are magical. Jerri is visited by friends. The days to come are unpredictable.




DAY 1 DAY CYCLE

MORN
Kitty is on her laptop and laughs a lot.

Kitty is wearing strange clothes and acts a bit wilder than usual. She picks up Bunneh and cuddles him so much he gets tired and needs sleep.

MID - EVE
Things are similar to the past days, but Jerri is nonchalante and spontaneous. She gets so unpredictable at times Bunneh is excitable, he flees or chews things accidentally, his tooth has an itch is what he's saying. Sometimes she is fed up and puts Bunneh back into his cage for seemingly nothing. Correct, he did chew on things, but that's not usually a problem. It is frustrating for them both, pure chaos.

NIGHT
When Christie is over it's often late. It's only for a few minutes, Bunneh watch and listens as Kitty goes out with her friend wearing clothes signalling her playfulness.

She brings home a friend who is also a boy. 

RANDOM BOYFRIEND

This encounter during the day is slow and methodical. 

Bunneh has the choice to annoy, soothe, sit still, entertain. 

It's all Bunneh's decision how it ends. It's a magical day with Jerri and friends.

TIME OFF

When Kitty goes out Bunneh has his time alone.

Sometimes Kitty is awake all night. It's confusing. So confusing. This is like Bunneh but not like Jerri, or is she Kitty? Is she playful or sad?

EXCITING TIME
Bunneh only has a little time every chance his energy returns during exciting times, and skips a lot of time.

When things are out of control Bunneh goes back into his cage into the hiding spot where no one can see his exhaustion. He falls asleep to recover from excitement.

THEY COME HOME WITH KITTY
They come from the city, talk about other people. They come from the countryside. Some of them have pets with them. Some talk about their loving pets at home. They come from the river at the edge. They talk about their friends.

Jerri talks with them.

Bunneh has a journal. Bunneh has lists about what he's heard of.

The list of friends Bunneh knows about grows beyond exhaustive lengths as he compulsively listens. The number of friends he's met and hears about increases steadily.

There are details about places and things everyone is talking about, and he's never seen them or experienced them. They even tell of stories. Some of it is far fetched, clearly exaggerated. For Bunneh it adds up, he wants to be out there when he can go.


All of this is a blur in the days to come.
Day 4 GENTLE INTERVENTION

MORN
Kitty starts the day, real tired. Still, she lets Bunneh out if he can manage to coax her cautiously over to him, she won't disappoint his cute face, that bunny charm.

Bunneh has a thought, "Tired Kitty. I have to help."

The only thing Bunneh can do once he's let out is soothe her.

Kitty has her laptop with her. All morning she's playing on it if Bunneh doesn't intervene.  On that laptop there are lines, nothing for Bunneh but Kitty.

MID - EVE
Kitty sleeps that evening with Bunneh outside his cage.  She eats lunch and goes back to sleep.  She gets up and eats a snack and goes back to sleep.  She watches TV and pretends to sleep. This kind of annoys Bunneh because he isn't being pet.

Everywhere besides the kitchen and livingroom, Bunneh has to himself. But he doesn't have Kitty this day, it's like she's somewhere else. Bunneh is worried about Kitty and repeatedly must check on her, even when he's exploring, he has a homesick feeling greater than ever.

NIGHT
Bunneh is left alone.  Since Kitty is sleeping on the couch the lights don't appear in the living room. Bunneh has access to the front of the house, but not there.

He has a strong hunger at night, causing him to return to his cage and nom if he can't find anything while away, NOM with drooling passion, figuratively. He doesn't drool.

Will Kitty... or Jerri be ok? Bunny worry.