Day 1, boring day
Actors: 
	Jerri Mercury "Kitty"
	Bun Whitebeard "Bunneh"

Bunneh is in his cage or Jerri forgot to close his cage last night.

Jerri enters the room.

Bunneh rattles the cage fervently to be let out.

MORN
Every weekday morning, Jerri opens the rabbit cage. Jerri then goes to the kitchen and tosses out a carrot. She heats up her breakfast. She then sits down and eats her breakfast at the table with the TV on.

When it's time to get ready for work, Jerri picks up and kisses Bunneh, allowing him to kiss her back. If he doesn't she remembers to demand a kiss later that evening. She puts on a coat and brings her laptop in a backpack.

MID
She leaves at 9 am and works from 10 to 5 o'clock as a clerk and pill sorter in pharmaceuticals. She returns at 5:40 pm, Bunneh lazily awaiting her return. 

With no trace of any mean day activity.

EVE
In the evening Jerri returns. She takes off her coat and shoes. She gets something to eat while Bunneh urges her to let him out.  She lets Bunneh out and replaces some hay.  Sometimes she adds in nutritoinal food stuff or a green.

After eating, Jerri is tired and may fall asleep. When she's awake she pets bunneh and falls asleep faster, even while petting him. 

There is a mini garden on the porch. Jerri feeds the grass she grows to Bunneh, he gobbles it all up. 

NIGHT
Bunneh is made to gives some kisses and then go back in his cage. Jerri sleeps in her room.

Day 2, magical day
Actors:
	Jerri, Main
	Bun, pov
	Car Glassier, Work Friend
	
EVE.2
Jerri is smiling when she enters the room, and she is talking to someone. 

"I will get us something to eat in a moment. This is Bunneh. You two get close." She says that and opens the cage Bunneh is in.

There is another figure. It's a man.

Bunneh eagerly rushes up and presents his nose to be pet. The man does pet him.

Jerri "He wants you to pet his nose very softly."

The man does touch his nose. Bunneh puts his ears back and enjoys that a moment while tooth purring before fidgeting around, eventually hopping away.  

The man does not follow Bunneh when he hops away. Stupid man can't understand him. How annoying.

Bunneh eats a carrot. The humans eat. After eating, what they do is mysterious to Bunneh.  They talk, they watch TV for a little while, then he leaves.

Day 3, magical day II

Actors:
	Jerri, Main
	Bun, pov
	ACat, Random Animal
	
EVE.3

Jerri is smiling as usual. The friend she brings home is different. Sometimes a woman, sometimes a man. Sometimes they laugh, sometimes she fawns around like she can't control herself.

Today she brings home a box. She puts it down like it's a brand new chair in the room.

Bunneh takes a close look by bobbing up and down.  It's very peculiar.

There's a noise, like the box is alive.

Bunneh is let out of his cage, he gets a closer look.

There's a short eared-long haired-narrow eyed kind of thing in the container. It's a cat!  The cat stays in the cage all evening.

Next morning Jerri takes the cat away.

