NE
Clear blue lakes. Wooden buildings. Distant landscapes dotted with trees and mountain tops. Grazing animals in the near and the far. Shining clean sky. Mild weather. Long plentiful grass. Lone trees and hugging trees. Fertile soil.

You can see all of these standing in the Northeast section of the city. The land is prime, flat, and gentle. Wholly uncultivated, with very few residence.

Sometimes at night people sit outside on their porches watching the stars.


C
Central marketplace, vendors, business, and industry. Sloping land. Buildings dug into the sides of cliffs and outcropping hills. Food stalls and gathering halls. Fair sized granite paved roads leading out of town and around tourist locations and mixed motor and bike rentals. There are a few hotels and available plots of land sprawled on the outskirts of the central region, but this is only for convenience.

This area is noisy, with many tourists and has the fewest animals. But the wild remains present. Dogs infrequently appear to be looking for scraps from the central area.

From the center of the city you can find everything you need, exotic imported goods and hobby shops. There is also the town hall which handles migration business. There is an exiting highway which heads outwards East, both by train and by road.

NW
Big stone buildings. Courtyards with beautifully crafted statues. Green cut grass. Elegant and tastefully displayed works of art. Several galleries, and musical theatres.

If you've arrived for a vacation, chances are you're stopping by here.

The locals who own and live in this section of the city are the upper class.

The animals you find here tend to be pets, they expect kindness and approach people without hesitation.

SW
This is the unfamiliar untamed landscape outside of civilization. Large wilderness and trees as far as the eye can see. Home of the widest trees in existence. Mostly surrounded by man-made and natural barriers of cliff and swamp, there are animals and exotic plants which need to be protected.

This land is and remains to this day a nature preserve which only permitted visitors and local scientists will visit.

SE
This land is vast mountains and waterways. The central mountain is actually a glacier which continues to cut its way further Southeast, and will exit Shather city, entering a new county barrier in the next 120 years.

There's a fishing and ferry business developed here. Only a few residence who live directly next to the mountains.