Chapter 1: Summon

--1--
Two rows of women encircle a central point. The back row wears blackened robes. They hold tinctures. Under the robes, they are pale skinned, naked, shaven but the hair on their head, clean, well groomed. The row in front has no such garment, their skin covered with ornaments, makeup, and body glitter. Earrings, lipstick, bracelets, collars, and necklaces all meant to increase their worth.  Their hair has been styled, some have extensions added. Their bodies are toned, well-formed, glistening in sweat. Their wrists are bound.

Two sisters of the same blood stand in the back silent, with eyes drawn slightly shut, anticipating. They keep glancing to see if the other one has moved, the hood of the robes obstructing their view.

Three in front kneel on hands and knees in prayer. Their dress resembles the inner circle.

One chants a practiced oath. One word repeats.

"Satan."

The room is closed, with no window, no open doors.  Talismans hang along the walls. Windows are further enclosed by banners with metal trinkets. Symbols are drawn across the floor. Raised wooden planks are tabled with meat and bread like a buffet.

A single podium stands offset from the center of the room. On it, a thick book with black and ivory covers is held. Its cover is a work of art. A single robed figure stands near it.

There is no doubt that everyone here approves. The naked women occasionally falter and offer a glint of joy. Their audible inhalation repeatedly breaks the silence between words of prayer.

A crease forms mid-air, like it was drawn in an ink, and then expands wide about the size of the door to the room.

A naked man stood at the entrance.

--2--

When you're surrounded by beauty, three frightened nude women are prostrate before you, and you are a fully formed, virile male. This is also your first memory. What can you expect?

That is what happens to me in the first few seconds of my very existence.

I felt my foot hit a solid object. It was kind of like I'd lost momentum.

There are fragile alive things here. I knew it with my senses, everything that entered this realm, this room, was bound by ritual.

I see the crowd of what looked like prisoners. The restraints were the tell. They were also bound with trinkets that I couldn't identify. My eyes fell down until I saw their knees. Three heart-shaped posteriors came into view, where my eyes lingered.

"Behold," I thought out loud, "sensuality, beauty, it is a dream." The muscles of my mouth and jaw told me to stop.

The females have a mix of emotions, I can't really grasp. Everything is so silent, except their breathing.

They had a chance to better me. Yet they stand agape in disbelief. They have completely flaunted a binding ritual, and they'd rather be glamoured and bound. These women are whores. They are wearing so many pointless trinkets. I'm so exhausted, I need to sit down.

One of the cloaked women reveals three arms stretched upward and flung a vial of some fluid. It broke on the ground with a sweet scent. My waning power grew slightly. None of the women seemed to notice.

There are about six women who looked at me so far, they are all transfixed.

I'll put them at ease.

"Ladies." I was becoming tired very quickly from articulating a single word. "Trust me." My hasty words make them squirm something fierce.

"Because..." because what? I am nude. I flex and immediately understand that my penis is erect. Awe, not fear, is in their eyes.

"I command you." My little army of sluts. I keep my mouth shut at that thought.

This seemed to work. I could sense a hysteria rising, this all took a couple of seconds.

"Quickly, on your knees, all of you. We devote our trust to Him." Said the woman in robes farthest to my right. There was an odd podium there. She rasps out in a much quieter voice, "We desire to become one, we devote our entire lives."

"Wh... what's going to happen to us?" Still breathing hard, this was one of the girls in front with whorish makeup, bound by string like meat.

"Don't speak. Your duty." The first woman chokes out the last few words in a higher tone, "...all of us."

I think I understand. They are like gifts. For a moment I thought nudity was the norm. There are more women, but I can only see their tits, each holding something.

My power's fading. They don't know anything.

I have a plan.

"Who's first?"


--3--

Celes watched.

He chose two of the ritualists, who were meant to remain prostrate after their duty ended. One has thin grace and swelling genitalia, her absolutely lewd display facing away from Him. Why did he pick her? She was easily the most delectable target without bondage, undeniable. Celes bit her lip in envy.

She'll enjoy every moment, but without proper training, he'll grow bored and discard her. Then I can have it all.

The other woman is voluptuous and her body tightly presses together like she wants to make herself look small. Her shoulders are raised up tensely making her look even narrower at the height of her figure. Her breasts are well-formed D-cups and spread beyond her armpits, the nipples are a bit darker red. Her hips flare out right below the waist, her bottom looks considerably fit despite her soft curves. Her chest has visible ribs. Her butt is seamlessly full, and perky. She has legs to match these features, and her calves seem to thicken nicely above her ankles gently swelling up to the pit of her knee.

A perfect pair, perfect shape. If my body was so perfect, I'd wish for it to be destroyed each day by brutes and young men. I shouldn't have let her become an oath bearer, now she may very well take my place. My heart quickens.

"Tell me your names." The Devil spoke. And both girls gently leaned on him after he coaxed them up to each side.

"Layla," the voluptuous girl hesitates for a moment, "Flannery." They only went by first names here.

Layla continued to move her arms and legs. Hiding what the other began to reveal.

The other opened her arms, stuck out her chest, and tried lifting her leg to offer her inner thigh. Her moistened lips pout for our pleasure to behold.

"Samantha Flocker." If her butt cheeks blushed it wasn't Celes' imagination. Her pouty lips salivated and began to run down her cheek. A wild-eyed smirk possessed her face. Off character.

"Beautiful." Exclaimed Celes Poker. Eager to approve.

The Devil must grope my naked body too. Samantha can't handle Him, as her first.

A sister, a mere novice of little consequence to Celes, one wearing robes, spoke up.

"Look! Look at Samantha! She just changed."

Samantha looked like she glowed then. She is small, the image of frailty, lithe. Her hair is brown, her eyes are as well, her skin is white, her sanguine features elude further depiction, but her lips.

She had energy now, a lot of energy. She was beaming from her forehead to her toes. Her tits flared out, cherry pink. The bone of her pelvis seemed to invite your eyes down as her posture shifted, exuding confidence like there's something you should be searching for past the belly button, something incredibly scantily titillating.

Celes forced herself to stop.

She continues to smile and opens her arms, then raises them above. She spins, total control of her balance, her bare feet unimpeded by the inscribed floor.

Celes bit her lip. She had a strange thought, this girl surpassed her in an instant. Somehow she took pride in acknowledging it.

"Layla too! Look!"

Their lord visibly hesitated to let Layla go just then.

--4--

Journal Entry.

Recorded May 2015 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.

Magic is real in this world.

The ritual worked.

The Devil touched my shoulder briefly as he looked us all over, then he spoke.

"All who join me are bound by fate. Carry my power within you, and you are one with me."

He took to a plain wooden chair, and remains in it.

He chose two. But barely touched them.

We always dreamed he would be vicious, ruthless, abusive, and ravage us. He didn't eat, he didn't drink, he partook nothing of the flesh and yet he presents as a humanoid male. His penis is a foot long, always erect ever since he looked at us.

The Devil has granted us our pact, and with our desires we'll bear any disgrace, we'll become fruitful on the vine for him, we'll even die there if he deems us unworthy.

The first one who he chose is Samantha. She became alive, she moves like the gentlest breeze, she became strong, able to lift her body with her toes with no effort.

The second chosen is Layla. Her sheepish behavior was admirable. Did He lust for her in that moment? I can hope.




Chapter 2: Our Mission

--1--

Along a residential district road in a middle-class town, a house belonging to the Flannery family stands as it has for the past forty years. There are two girls, a mother, and a father there. 

Layla is sixteen years old, a high school freshman on account of being held back two years. Her mother is a thirty-four-year-old housewife who enjoys daily morning power walks. Her father is thirty-five and works for a clothing fashion magazine as an article writer. He keeps in contact with as many photojournalists as possible for fresh material.

Layla has spent hours looking through files of photos her father receives during his job. Occasionally there is a risque shot, and she compares herself to the skinny models, always thicker, larger nipples, her nose less pronounced.

The school district is seven blocks away, both elementary and high; not too far for anyone in their home to walk or ride a bike to. There's a library only two blocks away. The post office is roughly seven blocks. A local drug store is just two blocks away between home and the school grounds. There are plenty of fire hydrants, post office boxes, and built-in newspaper stands, and occasionally during summer an ice cream or lemonade truck drive right past your window, sometimes twice on a hot day.

--2--

Layla revealed her name and her body to The Devil and then moments later she felt like a different person.

"Layla Flannery"

That was the name she went by. That was a different Layla.

She used to sit in public places feeling alone, and wishing for time so she could sit alone, and then when that was over she'd imagine what the afterlife was like. She'd lie down and look at pictures in magazines, but she ignored the warnings her father gave her about how they'd give her a bad body image. She tried to purge after she ate something, but never really felt like it made a difference.

When the wintertime came she'd stay indoors and sleep extra hours. On weekends, she'd spend more time viewing the TV stations, and she'd become addicted to SOAP operas and talk shows that were on at inconvenient hours. She came up with excuses to get out of chores, and not go to parties. She would browse the designer clothing outlets so she could sew the brand symbols into her discounted clothing.

She wanted to be invisible often, and she felt like she was ignored when something mattered to her.

Now she wasn't her.

--3--

Layla awoke in bed. The day she had to herself this Sunday was AMAZING! She kept thinking about all the stuff she could do, and she spent so much time with her parents, her mother was so happy.

She saw old pictures of her mother, and although her father seemed exhausted, they played a few board games. Outside with her father for two hours later in the day, she saw him mow the lawn, and she looked at her neighbors' yards. Her sister looked busy, but really she was just doodling in her room, and although she couldn't get her to do her school work she felt like they really connected while talking about clothes they wanted to wear. Her sister didn't seem very happy until she started saying she could borrow her fake designer clothes, then she perked right up. Layla also had some time by herself to do her school work, and that made her think about Monday when she was going to convince Mike he had to spend time with her.

--4--

"Sex. Sin. Mission. Meet back where The Devil resides."

Layla thought about it a long time before falling asleep. She woke up remembering nothing. A piercing sensation is in her groin, her heart is racing, her body moves with unearthly force and precision to make herself climax. She stuffed her head in the pillow and let out her frustrated moan segue into a yawn. She felt hot, she understood, today was the day and she could not deny herself the dick of any man or she risks failure.

Layla had some free time. She thought about what she knew about sex and unintentionally began stimulating her breasts until she repeated her frustrated orgasm again. 

She never experienced sex before. So the sensations of coitus were a mystery, bubbly literature in romance novels tried to dance around without revealing a thing. Her head swims a bit. She thinks which boys, men, she might already have a hook in, nothing.

All she had to remember was something about men. Stories. They can't resist a woman. Women prefer a strong man.

Layla has two sets of gym clothes she wore to school regularly. One set was a bulky sweatshirt that hid her nips well and sweat pants. On the other set, she had flannel shorts, undershirts in case they were going out, long tube socks, and a t-shirt with "frill" in calligraphy on the chest.

Taking into account her other clothes, and her experience modifying fabric, she spent a very short time cutting and sewing together a new set.

"This is how I'll seduce him." Layla thinks, placing the parcel in her gym bag.

--5--

Layla walks downstairs in her regular morning clothes; She's in a pair of shorts and a t-shirt.

Her sister, Trista, is already at the table. She's wearing her hair in a ponytail. Dad is there, reading a newspaper. Their mother must be out walking as usual. She'll be back in time to tell them all how improperly they eat, and how casual clothing is sloppy manners.

"Lala," her sister calls her from the table using her name in a funny way, their family seems to enjoy this habit a lot, "tell me more about school. I'm afraid of next year."

"Trista, it's like the school you're in now, only you have more responsibility because you'll be grown up." Layla thinks about how she was going to offer herself to Mike momentarily. "You are going to change and make new friends you never expected."

"You mean like how mom has such big boobs? Lala, you have big boobs too." Trista stares daggers at Layla's chest. Layla's wearing a shirt without a bra right now, and she becomes aware her nips may show through. Her transformation made her hip to waist ratio even more generous.

"Not only that! But..." Layla stops and considers her father is at the table reading, "you'll think a little differently when you're my age too." With that Layla returns the subject to school. This causes Trista to become pouty and she cranes her neck away to avoid further conversation.

Their mom walks in, straight from the outside, and she takes off her shoes. "Good morning my sugar plums," she says with a funny tone in her voice like she usually does this early.

"Good morning," Trista and Layla respond a little out of sync.

"How's Mr. Flannery doing?"

The father pauses his reading to lower the page and bats his eyelashes at the Mrs. He leaves his left eye closed a little too long, as though accidentally winking. "Good stuff dumpling." Normal. A dad thing to do.

"Kids hurry up and get ready for school." Says mom.

"I'm going to go early today." Layla really means it, and unintentionally grins.

"Layla." Calls mom, "you're going to school early? Is someone expecting you?"

--6--

From the first step out of her house, a feral nature overcame her, her pussy watered, making her rub it to calm down. A light orgasm crept over her every step.
 
Layla is in front of the school.

There are a number of things Layla was trying not to think about, lest her waterworks start back up again. She started searching around for Mike.

None of her friends were there yet, she was much too early.

--7--

It is 4th period geology class.

Layla is sitting two desks away from Mike. She passes a note she wrote during a previous class to him.

After reading this letter, Mike felt a bit skeptical. He was supposed to pay more attention to her suddenly because she wanted him. Uncertain what it meant, he decided to ask her.

He glanced over and there was another girl sitting in Layla's seat.

--8--

After school, the girl showed up. She brought him to the gym. She did some exercise, like a warm-up. She was quite stunning. Why'd she take Layla's seat that class and pass him a note?

Mike began to pay more attention when he saw her breasts sliding on the floor her shirt was too small. He could see into her shorts for that matter.

But more importantly.

"Those cans, they're amazing."

--9--

Some more students came in and practiced acrobatics. The gym after school is surprisingly busy.

Layla is a bit worried but soon sees their motion is routine. They weren't following her.

"Mike I need your phone number."

Mike hypnotically hands Layla his phone.

Layla swerves her hips as she walks, and goes to the equipment closet.

--10--

Mike gets a few messages from his phone and he looks. There's a pornographic fantasy right there, unfolding every few seconds, one picture at a time in front of him. She was stretching out a pair of modified gym shorts pulling them so he can see straight up the crack of her ass. Her nipples jutting out of her shirt, her missile-like breasts force the fabric of her tight shirt. Her hair is tied back revealing her neck.

There are some close-ups.

There's a picture of her pulling the gym shorts to the side, she's either not wearing underwear or it's so wet it bunched up.

Then one more text. He can't even read it he has to move.

--11--

Mike goes in.

Layla mounts him standing and slides her tongue in his mouth.

First, they get her shirt halfway off, releasing her breasts. His hands feel the valley between them. Her heartbeat, the smell, the dripping sweat from her workout. He brings his hand around to her unclothed nipple and gropes hard, grinding against his lightly callused palm.

"It feels sharp like it will sting me."

She gets her pants off and Mike gropes the valley of her nether.

"It's like a wet clay. It's getting all over my arm."

"You are my sculptor. My clay will form to your tools." She lets out a laugh after quoting from that romance novel. "If you follow any chivalrous rules, I'm going to forget you exist."

--12--

Her breasts are sweaty and full like wet balloons. Mike touches her breasts, he starts chattily complaining about how lewd her nipples became.

After revealing his cock, she squeezes her breasts together and shoves them into Mike, then slides her body down.

Layla gives Mike a very long titjob and suckles at the tip of him each time he twitches to try catching his precum. She takes a picture of her breasts and his cock together when it finally erupts.

Mike falters in his attempt to fondle her several times. His sleepy face and body are very exciting for her. She has total control despite granting him complete permission for conquest.

Layla pulls off her shorts. She rides him on some mats.

Her throat is hot, her body full of power. The tension of his cock between her swelling and squelching, and her orgasm, she chokes on her spit and rapidly breathes, she can barely stop making noise.

"No baby." Mike frets about some trivial issue while she's losing her grip, literally. She grabs him inside her, and lets go over and over as the sensation makes her body shudder.

She wouldn't listen, she needed him to cum for her, in there, one more time.

--13--

Layla exits the closet normally clothed. She's fulfilled her duty, her thoughts are calm and clear.

"Success."

Her breasts are very sore. Her nipples were too erotic for men her age, stretching the fabric, the moisture revealing her areolae nakedly. Something about her feels far more dangerous now that she's had a man.

The witches are in the gym. The acrobats are wandering talking together, the workout ended.

Priscilla tries to take Layla's arm but felt the danger.

"You're not..."

Layla is browsing pictures on her phone.

"What do you think of this one?"

Layla's image was there, a grinning fool with a river of white drool and semen spread across her face and formidable cups.

Priscilla falters from Layla's off-color boldness. But this was good for the pact.

"This much cum. Is it normal?"

Layla looks back in response to the question and smirks again. She doesn't know either.




Chapter 3: A Small Brat has so Many Fucks to Give

--1--

Samantha Flocker felt like her dreams came true once. The Devil was beside her then. She wanted to dance for him immediately. Now she is after school in the gym, her connection to Layla called her here at this moment to divert attention. The rest of the day was a blur, barely weighing a feather, forgotten forever.

Layla walked into the closet and Mike soon after pulled at his pants to sort them out and walked in too. Samantha waited for this, and began her first acrobatic practice.

There are several boys who hold her. She is wearing an intoxicatingly sweet aroma and she felt light and soft like a pillow.

She pushes various female contenders. She slam dances barely using an ounce of force, it is like playing with kittens. Soon she is the only girl being held up by men who surrounded her.

--2--

There's some commotion after several minutes of her dance. It was not only careless, she has her wet crotch on display and her skin's glossy from oil.

The other girls jealously tie her up. They strip her boring gym shorts, toying with her. Her genitals demand attention, the pleasure, a sensation she can't fight. She pants with her tongue out, a high-pitched noise coming out each time she breathes. She moans from their fondling.

They bind her wrists with shoelaces. Warming-up jump ropes bind her arms and legs backwards. She's barely able to tell where the sensations are coming from. Her tight pink shirt has two severe protrusions and the fabric keeps rubbing. 

The girls all take turns rubbing her cunt, trying to pinch her clit, pinching her nipples. She arches her back as her muscle tension shifts, her lower back curves, sticking out her ass more, revealing her hips are far more feminine than her narrow body would suggest.

The onlooking men drip precum. They lower their pants and take turns shooting jizz on her face and exposed back. One comes close to her mouth almost getting inside, but he cums a generous amount all over her mouth, nose, eyes, forehead, and neck. A few others barely get close to her ass before letting loose, caking her privates in several layers.

The other girls help the object of obsession down from the bondage to her knees, onto the sodden floor. They tongue fuck her all over like deep passionate kisses. Men still continue to try advancing, and failing, turning their cumshot onto one of the female's gym uniforms.

Finally, they help her out of her shirt and bend her backward on a bench. Moist skin. She looks like she took a bath in oil. The tension from her clit to her stomach somehow understands the angle, her inexperience refuses it so she keeps flexing raising her legs. When a phallus goes in her mouth she pressed her lips out squealing indignantly and becoming stifled.

She doesn't know why. How many times did she climax? 

A load of unexpected cum coats her mouth and then with a grunt the invader burrows down her throat. She tries to swallow, curling her tongue out and around, then he pulls out quickly. Some of the cum escapes before she can hold it in.

There is a shuffle, and commotion, a hot steely object boiling the lips of her cunt with an obscene suctioning noise. This time she flexes every muscle in reaction and pulls her head up to see a muscular man. He restrained himself for this final moment. His enrapt gaze on her midsection.

The boiling cock thrusts repeatedly. After a brief moment of intensity, the cum she swallowed comes out. Her body turns red and pop sounds as the pillow she imagined deflates, and steam rises around it.

There's a crushing sensation, the fire within that pistoning rod stokes, and it is forced deep into her womb and her belly palpitates. Her voice comes out, she tries to breathe and each palpitation escapes a shriek.

"You're the freakiest little fuck I've ever laid eyes on."

That's all the lucky jock gets out before he's altered.

Samantha touches his mind and sees white-hot nipples, her reddened skin. The way he felt. She hears the sound of her cries in his memory. She sees herself fuck him with her legs raised, each flex of her stomach was a hard smack against his hips and his balls.

One thing though, he can't forget.

--3--

The girls in the club converse after they heard her shrieking.

"Is she from the team?"

"She was not in her right mind."

"I came in late. What's happening?"

The girls then went silent and help Samantha get dressed. The guy who delivered the coup de grace now despondent.

"Wait. Don't mind me. I'm fine."

The girl stands up straight, her pelvic thrust showing defiance. White spooge escapes her as she struck the pose. Her deadpan face.

"I can finish off the rest of the men if they'll follow me to the locker room."

Goal accomplished. She left with several men, the people there began to wander, returning to their practice, forgetful of the crisis. All but one jock who pitifully sat by himself.

Priscilla, an actual member of the gym team and the coven, felt like she had to relieve her tension badly. Sam took over the locker room immediately. She eyed the jock who felt that horrid orgasm lustfully.

He's... not right. She shakes her head.

"That girl's insatiable. Good job you fucking slut."

--4--

In a bathroom stall, men are going in and out. Samantha's taking each one, carefully catering to their sexual preferences. She even offers them love and safety, so they can relax. She takes some of their experience with her into her mind.

A few men are not accepted.

"I can't use someone like you."

Some men are far too shy.

"Have you felt a cowgirl riding on top? What do you mean you've never been with a girl?"




Chapter 4: Gathering

--1--

Layla was in bed toying herself. Her sister walked in and Layla quickly cast a glamor subduing Trista.

There they are now. She looks carefully at her little sister, who no longer looks concerned.

"You seem different. Like a stupid animal rather than my lovely sister."

"What are you doing? Does this have anything to do with boys? That thing you used."

The door is left ajar, the two girls unconcerned.

Layla gets on top of Trista with a battery-operated vibe in her hand. She breathes hard, not quite sure if she should continue.

Trista grabs at one breast hanging down, her sister looming over her.

"Lala this is not how your breast always feels. Are you still my big sis?"

Truthfully Layla wanted to play mean. Her sister is a subdued puppy for her to play with. However, the feeling of her hand there was incredible. Her breast is kneaded and twisted, and she feels like she's become the prey.

Trista sucks at one and considerably relaxes her whole body, both their receptivity increasing.

"It's a creamy delicious. Mmblr." Trista's mumble talk with a succulent treat, it puts her asleep.

Layla fondles the breast her sister sucked from, a motherly pride welling up.

"This could get interesting."

--2--

Samantha gets home and her mother's there.

"You go to my room when dad gets home."

The control she exerts is absolute.

--3--

There is a meeting of the cult early the next morning.

Layla and Samantha show up completely nude with an aura. Trista is with Layla.

Celes.

"How could you do this? Layla. This isn't right. Also, why aren't you two clothed?"

"I have a new recruit. Begin, just like I showed you."

Trista goes to Celes and strips. She is fully developed, her chest as Laylas was, before her transformation, only about four feet tall, compared to her sister at about five feet.

"I saw your sister a week ago. She can't be this."

Trista has fully come into her womanhood, a stunning crystallization of desire and youth.

"She's consumed my power."

Layla cups her breasts, the nipples have generously swollen from being sucked on. There are very light bite marks.

"Fascinating."

Layla was lactating.

The Devil stirred in his seat, never having to move since they last saw him.

--4--

"Come. First."

This nameless demon kisses Samantha's mouth, nipples, neck, and clit. She even turns to offer the backside view.

He is erect. This ritual is ridiculous. Proximity is all he needed. However wasteful, the chance to feel female flesh is intoxicating.

He greedily views Samantha's presented rear.

He slides a finger along her ass, the firmness, the softness. The sensitive nature of its reddening suggests.

--5--

She sits on the tip of the erect dick of The Devil like a queen sits on her throne. The left side of her mouth rises, her breath momentarily quickens, betraying the illusion of piety she chose to offer the others. She raises her toe she held herself with and completely engulfs him to the base. She can't think, her blood rushes to her genitals to quicken her.

--6--

He only sees the back of her head. Feels her drop down into his lap.

"Come. Second. While Samantha is with me. Both of you at once."

They were doing it right in front of the rest.

"Also your sister. Bring her. She does not need to be afraid."

"Trista, do whatever he says. Give him everything."

Two voluptuous girls are hugging him with their arms, soft breasts pressed to his sides. He saw Trista was unable to suppress her arousal, just baring her chest to the other woman, her body quaked. Her eyes now widen as her emotions quicken, moving her hands slowly along his arm.

--7--

Samantha's vagina twists around in excruciating agony, feeling pleasure, nothing else but pleasure.

She heard Him suckling at Layla's breast and Trista's in turn. But is he feeling her, his cock doesn't twitch, it doesn't release fluid, it's like a dildo that's perfectly skin textured and warm.

She fucks him as hard as she can and the only lubricant is her own.

Wailing from the intensity, rather than orgasmic bliss, she felt absolutely mortified by the force of her own orgasm and fell from his lap to her hands twitching.

After falling she returned to her knees, like when he first saw her, placed her head down. Her body refused to move.

--8--

Layla wasn't concerned.

Samantha dripped her excessive female juices before she even started. Her mouth opened wordlessly, and tears welled in her eyes as she barely moved, then she reached an unwomanly climax. She got off. He didn't. And she continued to present her oozing gluttonous cunt in the direction of her master.

"How's this?"

Layla presents her rear next to Samantha, not yet claimed, not sopping wet like the day she felt so hot.

The Devil stopped sucking on Trista, who had notably reddened in the face, is she quietly orgasming? "Beautiful. I feel energetic. How about we celebrate?" He says.

He takes Trista, red succulent fruit, onto his lap carefully, and turns her head so she...

--9--

He delves his tongue in her mouth.

He finished his inner mantra.

Snake-like tendrils and dog-headed demons appeared in the room. A summon, not unlike the one they used to bind him to this reality. The creatures would be bound to him, and he only required they share half the power they gain from these lustful women.

Layla looks surprised, like she is going to run, and yells, "Look out!"

He summoned them. She should be able to tell.

"Woman," he chided, "they're here so you can enjoy them."

With that, The Devil buried his fingers in Layla's hips and pulled her up towards him until he was balls deep in her. She shut her mouth and lowered her head, trying not to imitate Samantha's ungainly display. Not even a moment ago she was ready, composed. She uttered some slurs teeth closed, and her traitorous cunt loosed its besodden contents onto his lap. Her face contorted disgracefully while her body gave up.

The other sisters spoke as one.

"I will accept a demon as its sacrifice."

The women are surrounded by demons, and each demon has the same static aura.

Vile seed drips from the ceiling a fragment of demon realm summoned into this sanctuary, his desire and mantra keeping it in sync.

"Dog."

A dog, twice the size of a man, about eight feet long, is summoned.

"Take this one. She came with every thrust. She's cursed with a compulsion to breed. She won't grow bored of you."

He guides Layla down gently, and she resumes a provocative position. Her feminine flowing charms contrast with Sam's deep red creases and small stature.

A demonic dog looms above Layla who remains mesmerized. He measures her worth by scent. A rush of testosterone from his testicles respond. Two sheathed k-9 phalli emerge blood-red with lubricant rubbing along her into her anus and touching her naval. Both are two feet long and more than an inch in diameter.

The woman moves to help guide both phalli, he thrusts repeatedly to lodge inside her. Her body convulses, certainly from the force of it spreading her insides. His knots swell up, although it's difficult to tell how large they became inside, her untrained entrances are drawn taught and she makes a pained whine all the while her insides stretch.

Trista climbs up into his lap to face him.

--10--

"No that's not right. Master has one penis."

Layla felt her entrances slowly spread, and then lose all strength, and snapped out of her afterglow. She crawled to turn, and her partner moved to allow it, just in time to see Trista.

She was riding him, face to face on the chair. He buried his face in her chest from that angle too. He buried his cock into her then, causing her to loll her head backward her long dark hair flowed like a waterfall, her two voluptuous peaks rising higher.

Layla looked around more. The sensation of being stretched, pleasuring the demon, something she wanted to distract herself from.

There was an armor-clad humanoid demon in a helmet. It chose Priscilla and took her. Grabbing her from behind, her blonde French braid dangled along with its armor. Her ass cheeks seemed to rub against its chain mail legging. It was like a princess being kidnapped by the invading black knight. Her movement only appeared to make her more vulnerable, she was trying to entice it.

Pris started to hysterically laugh from the ferocity of its strength. She was still human, not like Layla.

Layla opened her mouth and only single pitch notes of pleasure came out, her breathing trying to match the cloying movement of her bestial love maker, so she closed it with a grimace not to give away just how much she enjoyed getting fucked out of her control.

Priscilla loosed a squeal quickly from its black cock entering her pussy. She was weak then, still at the height of her orgasm, and it placed a cloth gag in her mouth. It put a rope on her neck like a long leash. It then forced her to thrust back into it, pulling her hair, she came with the gag blunting her voice, making her sound very distant. Her body tensed each inspiration after she took him in deep, so he pushed her away.

The dog relentlessly tugged Layla's insides while she watched. The agonizing tension of its swelling knots slowly drew her attention until she shook her head, returning to focus on Priscilla.

The knight let her escape now, so to speak, it pulled the noose lazily like it was fishing until she realigned her back to the shaft of its black cock.

Layla saw the other woman smile and her attention returned to her own mounting pleasure, "I'm a bitch. I'm your bitch already, you made me your bitch." Why am I saying this? "Fuck me, fuck me."

She thought about Priscilla on a leash and her pitiful gagged orgasm. Layla's inner walls clenched around the knots and she screamed in delight at having the same experience. The dog felt like it shot small streams, much too small, tickling her insides, and she wanted to thrust them in and out to punish this beast, but it was for naught.

--11--

The dog took over this carnal bitch one more time, forcing her ovulation, imprinting the feeling of his cock in her memory. Making her weak to his suggestion. She let out high-pitched yelps. It growled fiercely, breathing down her neck while his sore testicles began to relax. Her humanoid udders were shaking, even from his view of her back.

It doesn't matter, I released my seed in her, and she'll be a worthless bitch soon.

Her anatomy was too tight, and she tightened so much when it tried to move right now. Was she really in his control? Wasn't she here to pleasure him?

From the moment he began, she didn't resist, until he wanted to stop and rest.

--12--

A tentacle hydra was allowed through the thinned realm. It took the other sisters of the coven, making them ride multiple tendrils. Their nethers were teased one after another. It slid across their bodies leaving smegma as easily as any crack or orifice they allowed it inside.

The two siblings sought to ride the hydra while they were face to face. It continued slowly teasing anyone within reach.

Samantha has crawled close to Celes. They were both unable to hide their fear and uncertainty in this ritual. They remained untouched by any demon, their master distracted by a formidable friend.

Sam felt the soft chest and groped the tips with her fingers. Celes tried to push away the culprit.

"Unhand me..."

The clan leader has tears in her eyes. Samantha is enthralled, hysterical at the sight. She accosts the weeping woman who ruled them with pride until now. It will be just like that time.

Both their breath quicken. Samantha wants to see Celes like that.

A demon, bare ashen skin, comes from the darkness behind and plunged its cum laden dick into Sam without warning. Celes was pinned beneath them both.

Samantha maneuvers to pop the demon out, and guides it entirely with her Mons Venus to enter Celes. After the sound of it entering pleases her ears, Celes consumed by the sensation, grabs both breasts greedily and forces Celes' pubic mound together with hers.

"Aah! N-Aah! St-Aah!"

Sam laughs at Celes' hilarious apoplexy.

The record keeper, coven leader, head witch. The augmented power of Sam's soft body on top of her. She lets up long enough for a moment of love. Celes begins locking eyes, fiercely, their clits pressed together, they start moving from there.

The demon on top of Samantha came in Celes. Their gyration is no doubt pushing it beyond its threshold. The considerable force made its sheath cry out.

Sam leered at her losing competitor, then took a moment to allow the trunk to lift her up. It only managed to slide between the two momentarily releasing more spunk high enough to get on Celes' neck, lubricating their midsections. Messy. Sam sucked at Celes' right breast until she was ready.

The hydra's tentacles began sliding along their sides.

--13--

Priscilla was redressed in rope bondage, spectral tendrils that came out of the knight's helmet reached the ceiling, and hold her aloft with her facing the ceiling.

The black knight continues to punish the helpless princess, welt marks begin to form on her flesh from slaps and rope burns.

Her face had its share of rough play, fingering in her mouth. His thumb against her tongue, she keeps her mouth open, and his black cock slides along her face until he tilts her head back and puts it in her mouth. It pulls at a rope deeply grooved in her butt and metal fingers touch her stomach.

After cumming down her throat the knight lifts up its helmet mask and pushes her face in for a kiss. She shrieks only briefly as demonic energy twists her mind, spectral tendrils going straight through her, but some more tangible object deeply kisses her to silence.

The helmet comes off and she slowly falls headfirst backward in the armor through its lid as her back is lifted up. The knight puts the helmet back on. A tuft of blue smoke exits the mask.

"Huff." It sighs, as though satisfied.

She feels something in her vagina, caressing her. Was she just dreaming? There's a sense of something powerful coursing through her, beginning at her anus, exiting her at the opposite end, cleaning her insides out. She sticks out her tongue to taste the air, she puts her hand near her face and feels jets, like a jacuzzi. She tries closing her mouth, tries swallowing, can't. She can see her hand, dimly, in blue light. She begins to feel very good, her thoughts are erotic. The lack of sensory input, besides sex, she thinks of the best sex, and the black knight.

The roof opens and she emerges with blue veins of magic along her skin, her blonde hair now bleached a light blue. Her white skin is exceptionally pale. She's healed. She's riding, the sex, the feeling of sex never left her. Blue mist emits from her eyes and mouth. She fondles the black cock in front of her lovingly licking, kissing. This is definitely her knight, but what is this body she's in?

There was an old lover, the brutish memory made her wet. She sucks at its black cock, gouts of white smoke come out of her mouth while she edges it.

It's rock hard. She stands up and steps out, its body closing after. She rides the black knight reverse cowgirl with the mist from her body somehow helping her.

The tendrils take the form of snakes around her. She finishes. The black cock recedes. She lifts the mask for a goodbye kiss. The armor lies dormant momentarily before evaporating.

The feeling of sex never leaves her, the snakes pinch her, and move around, as though they wouldn't let her dwell on the pleasure too long.

--14--

The summoned dog is enjoying itself with an orgasmic bitch tightening around each shaft. Its enjoyment growing.

It's time. It connects its pleasure with her.

The dog lowers its head next to hers and lets out an intimidating growl getting her heart pounding. Her cervix clamps and envelopes its knots, making her head tilt up and her body rapidly flex. Her eyes roll up, feeling what it feels as well. It shoots its two barrels that laden her womb and her colon.

Its knots slowly slid out before Layla clamped down once again. She let out a growl of her own and began to moan in a more erotic way.

--15--

Trista, eyes wide, her master remaining distant while inside her, watched this scene together.

"Would you like to be with your sister?"

A greater wolf demon, a humanoid, is summoned. The same approximate stats of the summoned dog, with humanoid hands.

Trista is guided off The Devil's dick and begins touching the wolf's crotch. She uses her lips, tongue, and curved her back slightly. Then, out sprung two pointed dicks one at a time bubbling out lubricant.

--16--

Her senses returned.

"Cute doggy. You're a good boy."

She thought she should treat it like a friendly puppy and continued fondling its cocks.

Pretty soon she was on her back with it sliding a single one of them into her wet young snatch. It came immediately and pulled out with a pained look.

Trista turned around.

"Like my sis. Do it with both."

She could barely contain her excitement. She handled The Devil's cock, and now she is going to be one with her sister.

"Make me your bitch. I want to mother a wolf family."

The wolf looks at the dog, its knots keeping it stuck. Layla was entirely jilling off its girth without listening to it.

The wolf takes a long look at what it's been offered. It pants and licks its chops.

"Mine." He says, almost sounding angry, his voice deep and rough.

It raises itself over Trista and plants its head in front before its legs shivering in anticipation making it difficult, pressing its dicks to her holes, and thrusting the points in. Trista stands up from her position almost pulling away to avoid convulsing. She's grabbed and vigorously swings her hips until everything's forced down to the base.

"Mine." He repeats, tension pitches in his voice.

One cock penetrated all the way into her womb, the distorted bulge showing. His unused cock entered her asshole and came as fast as the first one nearly did, and it filled her insides.

She felt the one in her womb, her uterus slicked by its first cumshot. It flexed repeatedly, he came, or was he still cumming?

Fucking horny demons is the best.

She looks over at her sister also enjoying it. Guiltily, she glances at The Devil. Does he know? He doesn't budge an inch each time he fucks a girl. It's like he can't feel it.

The wolf swore, and growled, mimicking the dog's attempt to control its mate and failing.

"You're my bitch. You cum when I say. Now cum hard and cry for me."

Rather than becoming a bitch, she felt something empowering. Her sister and her, together, control the dog demons with coitus. Its knots are now fully engorged.

"You can't make me cum. But I can make you."

She deliberately flexes and moves to stimulate.

The wolf shutters, and spends its loads into her again. He was being tamed by her with each clench from her insides. She lets out a light sigh, one of pleasure like drinking a glass of water, and he is released.

"Turn around."

He does.

"Cum inside Trista. Your wolf matron wants to feel it again."

She lay on her back, with his tail facing her. She couldn't push the knots all the way in from this angle, but she didn't let him go until he came once more.

The two doggies in front of her had happy wagging tails. And her sister's profile, a little bit of red knot sticking out of her vagina, her breasts hanging, her back curved, her butt cheeks spread wide, the skin around her anus was convex. Her sister was absolutely a bitch for her dog. Both of their tongues hung out.

Trista couldn't see what her wolf mate's face looked like, she lifts its tail to see its anus. It let out a little whine as if to say "stop".

--17--

Layla saw her sister and the wolf. Her struggle with her mate edging to a mutual climax.

Trista told the wolf to get on all fours and present its back to her, Layla saw an intelligent creature bend to a little girl's will. She got a view of her sister's genitals.

The tension from the knots finally brought her over the edge and she didn't care until it stopped.

She looked back and saw her sister watching her face. She stopped panting like a dog and finally let it go.

--18--

Satan walks over to Celes and helps her up. Samantha is motioned to come. They walk over to his throne and she's sat there.

The demons vanish, releasing their abused captives, except the hydra.

Many of the sisters can't stand and simply remain, their heads low to the floor.

The two siblings had given up looking at each other during a never-ending clitoral stimulation and merely held each other for now.

Layla can manage to stand.

Trista tries and then catches both her breasts with one arm before sitting back down.

"Celes and Trista are to be the next vessels."

After transforming Trista, she walks away with grace. Her original power and unspeakable new potency precede her.

"What about this one?"

He transforms Celes and announces, "I don't have anything to do with that. I'm going for a walk."

--19--

The hydra helps every single woman, as much as she likes. The shady part of the demon realm was closed off before it could exit.

--20--

Journal Entry.

Recorded May 2015 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.

There's some kind of hundred dick blue dragon.

Layla and cohort got stretched out by giant dogs.

Priscilla looks pregnant.

Layla talks about puppies because she's sure she got pregnant too.

My best girl Samantha used me, and between her and the demon I was no match.

I was given a gift by The Devil. My wishes have been fulfilled, I want everything in this wonderful new world we're in to become one with me now.




Chapter 5: Invasion

--1--

Celes goes to the super mall, hiding her assets. She discovers a vanilla skin-colored exotic with nice voluptuous curves. She has a very nice cup size.

"I'm Celes. Would you like to shop together?"

"I'm Cindy."

Celes observes her body in various clothes as they try swimsuits and lingerie. Cindy is very fit, unlike the sluts she's spent the past year with.

Celes settles on a mini skirt and choker with a heart ornament. Her top assets are well visible.

Cindy picks up a red bustier with devil horns and jokingly prods Celes. Her smile brightens up her face during this playful contact.

"Careful girl. You're not the poker in this relation."

"Haha. What...? What are you saying? I'm The Devil."

Celes wonders what she'll do to this lamb in a devil suit. She definitely will do something to her.

--2--

Celes took a liking to both outfits and they paid. She suggested wearing their lingerie with some clothing over it.

On the elevator ride to the ground floor, the girl Cindy met shoved her tongue in, mouth to mouth, and held the back of her head roughly. Her fingers were tight in her hair. Cindy is fighting to breathe while she goes at it.

Cindy walked to her car, feeling the sheer lingerie, her pussy wet, and fear of the mysterious girl with a tongue like that. She felt the tongue go deeper than she ever imagined. She swallowed while the tongue was in to avoid choking on saliva. She could feel it moving. The woman slowly moved away and the drool slid off her incredible tongue as she let it retract, smiling eyes on Cindy.

After a half-hour of driving, she parked the car and considered her luck. Her model career is about to hit new highs if she talks about such an aggressive meeting in lingerie. She begins to fantasize and opens her car door for fresh air.

A figure swoops down and holds open the door. It begins to unbutton its clothes. A heart choker reflects in the moonlight above, two amazing assets forming a cavern beneath.

"I must really be dreaming. You're not real."

She unveils her ample bosom, a cheap bra. There is something dark behind her, wings. She has lit features, like LED lights. The rings of her irises for one. Her sweat. Small pictures? Tattoos? Runes? light up on her skin, and fade like she's adorned a small arcade machine.

Cindy is taken by the waist from her seat. Their faces are close.

Cindy leans back and finds she's being held up off the seat anyways.

"How are you doing this?"

A pressure is against her clit. The woman is pressing their pubic bones together through the lingerie. It's enough to make Cindy lose herself, her strength escapes, and she starts to shout each time she breathes out.

"I'm coming."

"You don't have to talk. Just breathe and I'll do the rest."

The figure of a woman then removes her bra, and the ridiculous plastic surgery she must have gone through, to this effect. Cindy slapped one tit and felt nothing fake about it. It bounced away, more of those LED's lighting, and it returned back in place. Her hand rested on a glowing red nub, for just a second her arm tingled.

I'm not a lesbian. I'm a model. I'm not loving this. Why'd I stop the car? Her gaze dropped then because the kiss made her wet, so she wasn't there just to rest.

--3--

Celes thoroughly enjoys Cindy's beauty, strips her clothes off so the sheer devil was exposed. She pulls the bodice enough to free her breasts, they might be C cups. She turns her and presses her against the car door window. Then she undoes the bodice completely allowing her stomach to touch the air.

She moves the red thong to the side. Cindy's vulva is like an oily sliver. Her anus is a hot dart. Spreading her ass cheeks wider, her anus plateaus, stretching slightly for the viewer's pleasure.

It's just as taught and youthful as Samantha's like this. A body meant to seduce men.

Celes becomes erect in her new demonic body. Her sense of Cindy's arousal fills her. She wills a nubbed cock into existence and finds purchase. To her excitement when she looks down, the tip went straight inside the oily slit, the shape of her rear making it the least resistant path, there was no resistance on the inside either.

"Well used. Maybe you are a devil. Let me see how you handle this."

Both their breasts bounce for several minutes. Each rough thrust of nubbed cock in Cindy stoking her to reciprocate and push back. Cindy can't help move and let out a noise. The plastic devil's back arches and lets out another rasping orgasm.

"Stop. This position is disgusting." This makes Celes laugh and her laugh only causes the thrusts to suddenly move with accidental numbing speed, "I don't want to cum anymore."

She can tell the other girl is lying. To Celes' delight, her new devil is feisty, orgasmic, and a slut. Her ability to fuck women is intoxicating.

"We're going to have fun until you run out of energy."

She thinks of how strong Samantha has become, and fingers Cindy's butt gently feeling the plateau of skin. Her tongue lolls, easily falling onto Cindy's naked back, and swishing around a coat of saliva. It creeps down to her anus and coats it with saliva. Her tongue lingers, prodding the entrance.

The recoil of emotion disapproves. Just for looks then. She deliberately drooled all over Cindy's anus. She felt the uterus around her first equipped phallus tighten, and Cindy moved on her own. She laps it back up and repeats it until Cindy only responded to her thrust.

--4--

A dating site is popular these days.

There is a post.

"18 yo seeking orgy"

Eventually, someone took the bait.

Trista waits outside a stripper cafe. The owner suggested she go in the back but she's waiting for a group every bit a liar as her.

"I am not a prostitute or with the police. I'm here to meet with friends."

They show up. Two neatly dressed men, much taller than her. She must be four-seven now, almost her sister's height.

In the cafe, she lets off an air of inexperience. She gets drunk. She acts way too young. They're very concerned and want to get her home safely.

She goes down on one guy and swallows everything, he can't hold back. Everyone had to hear that noise he made. He must have been very attracted to her before that, now his face shows solemn respect.

They make their way to a solo room. Trista repeatedly flashes the two men because she doesn't know how to dance. They must have thought she looked so good, they remained seated without a word.

After the song ends a man comes into the room and introduces himself to her.

"Hi I'm Jose I think you could be a real hit in the club. Come with me and I'll get you dressed as today's A-rated dancer."

She follows him. She's shown several outfits with options. She points.

Jose raises his eyebrows and sort of tilts his head.

"Hey, it's your thing you know?"

She starts to undress.

"So young. I need some I.D."

"I've got I.D. right here."

She rubs his dick through his pants to fluff him until he nods.

"Please. I have a woman."

"I'm the matron of wolves, forget that woman tonight, and cum every last drop while you help me put on this outfit."

He vigorously nods.

"Is this a belt? Is this a bag of condoms? Let me try putting one on. What? You of course. Do it. Good boy. Now stare at me, and cum when you see something you like."

He liked her putting on the legging. He liked her smiling at him. He liked when she removed her bra. He liked when she stretched the costume over her D cups. He liked when the only skin visible was her shoulders, moments before she covered them.

She put on the helmet and a belt.

"Can I get something to put in these holes?"

He liked her question. He liked seeing her go from dresser to dresser pilfering kinky paraphernalia and shoving it in a bag. He liked what he saw her putting in the belt.

"You have a tell whenever you cum. Watch me on stage and go take a nap. Here, put on a new condom first."

She took off the helmet after he put it on. And he liked that, he liked her sticking out her tongue immediately too. She got closer like she would take him then, and he liked it.

--5--

Next dance a female in latex cloth dressed like a robot exits. She's wearing a helmet so her face is hidden.

The audience thinks this is the best ever.

She begins by opening holes that were covering her. She plugs her holes with dildos from her belt. She fits three in her vagina, and two in her butt. She turns on a turbine dildo and gets the stage wet. Dollars rain down on her. The audience can't stop groping their bulges.

The robot begins stripping the latex off from a face-down position and situates her wet bottom at the edge of the stage allowing all dildos to slip out to the floor.

"Isn't this illegal? How does she easily fit so many dildos bigger than my penis?"

Trista removes her headgear, looks back, and the audience sees a youthful face at the opposite end of a gang of erect thugs. They shut up and start taking turns asking her for a private dance.

"That's the solo dancer. I wanted to put things in her there, but I couldn't move. I couldn't get her out of my mind since."

Trista quietly says to herself, "Round 2."

Trista gets them seated and does give them each a private lap dance, fully exposed. Mouth to mouth, tongue and mouth open while her breasts and genitals contact their hands. She always stops after they nut themselves. Some unzip their pants, and they still shoot into their underwear immediately when she blows 'it' a kiss.

One thug doesn't accept the dance etiquette and holds her wrist as she turns, taking her over the edge of the stage again. He could barely contain his excitement and spilled all of it in the open air. He couldn't take control before a new dancer came out and shouts for security.

Jose gets on his smartphone, "Sweetie we need to spice up our sex life."

Trista, "I'll be back for round 3."

Trista is taken away securely with care. The large bouncers look like lost puppies once they're alone.

"I might need you again, so can I have something that'll help me fit in, this costume doesn't quite do it."

She is given a club outfit.

"That girl." The man in charge kisses his five fingers and then taps his lips.

Trista walks out and pretends to be a waitress who forgot to bring the menu.

"A titjob."

"Is that a drink?"

She holds up her tits and smiles at the male customer.

"No, let me show you."

Trista makes her way around the cafe in the club playing with customers. She sizes up each male customer, their dates, and makes them do whatever she wants.

"This is great. If they are big enough I can make them cum just by swallowing repeatedly. If I use my tongue too much they can't seem to relax."

Trista looks at a surprised woman. It's no wonder, she just sat down in her boyfriend's lap, and let him stare at her butthole until he came.

"My older sister is better looking than me. Do you have a sister?" She casually tries to start a conversation.

--6--

Celes is on the prowl.

There's a dark-skinned Asian at a clothing rack.

"Hello, may I help?"

Celes helps her 'customer' find a leather garments section.

She goes to the dressing room and fits the beauty with a corset squeezing her thin waist. She's bound with leather belts.

She fingers her clit while very gradually kissing her on the lips. She extends her tongue a little bit more each kiss until it's down to her neck. She achieves orgasm.

Celes' fingers dance along the curls of pubic hair, then shaves it off magically. She fingers the now smooth clit with a grin. She'll take this one just like Cindy.

Her cock is more human this time, with just a little bit of rib, and she fucks the delectable flesh in front of her passionately until she felt its will give in. She keeps going for a little while longer to bring the flesh to orgasm.

She transforms and tendrils snake down her hands and enters the woman's body, probing her. They finish by releasing vile ooze and slide back out.

"Acceptable. You can come with me."

--7--

A man is walking with his wife Vuella. They stop at a bench and nap. When he wakes up she's missing.

In the woods Vuella is undressed, bound, and gagged. She's thin with a generous swell of tits.

Her mouth is violated and cum issues from it.

"My boyfriend's never..."

Her asshole is stretched and she forgets her boyfriend's face, he really never did the things she liked.

"Please don't stop."

--8--

Celes makes it back to the HQ and waits. Three other robed figures arrive.

"It's about time. Did you have to drive here? Oh right."

Three exotic beauties she's groomed. All expecting her demonic seed. Their eyes relax due to her aura.

She never got their names, three mutts, three sluts, perfectly fit for indoctrination in the coven.

They are bound to a stockade by her hands.

For each, a demon emerges.

"I will serve, but first, a sacrifice."

Celes releases the livestock from her glamor until the ritual ends.

"Why?"

"To be fucked like the well-bred dogs you are."

--9--

Ruby remembered having sex with her boss like this for money. Now she is completely blindsided.

"How... how incredible."

Celes comes to her, fondling her dark tits.

"I never got a good look at your face. Now I see you're worth another go."

She followed this up by teasing her face. Ruby accepts her master's cock. Her throat is violated within view of three others.

Celes gains more energy and with confidence, she tries to beguile The Devil.

--10--

The Devil saw it and smiled. He now sits on a chair with powerful inscribed carvings, situated on the inscribed floor.

The head convert brought sacrifices and made quite a show. Her dazzling rune-enchanted skin gives her morphogenic cognises. New women. I could get used to this.

I think I remember my true name now. I'll keep going by 'Satan' or whatever foolish nonsense they speak about. I recollect treasures I sent here from the other realm, like the plaque on the door.

"Yes. I couldn't have a better servant. I will summon creatures who care naught what kind of offering they're given."

They're stockaded, obedient.

More dogs, or weredogs. When the entire coven was here I could reach through the ether to powerful beings.

One of the three dogs appears to have a cock diseased by something parasitic. Its flesh is writhing, and something flits out its mouth. The other two have multiple dicks.

One by one the glamor is removed causing the sacrifices to stir in fright while bound.

I cast mindsight on the room to see their behinds. The demons are fitting into them now.

Vuella's genitals pucker and stretch wide for a drooling, powerful tongue probing them. I can feel her breasts, her nipples are hardening.

I stand up with an erect cock and walk over to do it personally. Her nipples are blood red, so I pinch them, her lips part for the next big thing.

Cindy wails as a black demon begins mounting her. There are several objects passing for phallic that slowly attempt to penetrate her. But more importantly, it attempts to wrap around her and the stockade gets in the way of it enveloping her head.

I allow Vuella to lick on me like a lollipop. Her crimson and detailed lips coat with saliva and she starts drooling. I pull away, perhaps the power entering her is too great. Her eyes look up to meet mine and she blinks enrapt.

A horned dog, slower witted and quick to temper, mounts Ruby. Her black skin beads sweat, I sense her fear. If I calm her down, would that spoil the arousal she clearly has?

Celes forms a dick, unyielding, bumpy, like a rubber handle. Ruby struggles. Soon the demon slides its gnarled members in and Celes follows up with filling Ruby's mouth, her throat flexing in anticipation.

The first mentioned demon stops pleasuring Vuella orally. His cocks are thick and her moistened folds take him easily. She still jumps and shakes from the first thrust, but only gets more excited from the pleasure as time goes on. I get a good look at her expressive face.

Cindy has a beautiful coat of thick fluid glazing her sides. Some kind of drool from the demon's mouth covers her head. It's extending a tendril to her mouth now. What's that hair ornament?

Eventually, they all fell in line.

Ruby has been worn out. The pleasure of two different demons enchanting her. She is breathing raggedly but doesn't look too bad.

The black demon retracts its tendril from Cindy's mouth. It dismounts slowly. The lingerie must have torn away as the vile creature writhed against her out of view. It starts trotting away and its stuff along with tendrils exit her orifices. She's left with a white glaze sloughing off her distended belly.

Vuella is looking toward me.

"Coo."

The girl's going through immeasurable ecstasy just by watching me watch her.

"They all did very well to endure it."

After dismounting each dog vanishes after granting me power.

Celes flits over to me eagerly allowing her cock to vanish. She doesn't dress up, attempting to allow her runes brilliant flare to entice me on the way over. She did a wonderful job on Ruby I might suggest she spend a day alone with all three girls somewhere nice, where I wouldn't be in her way.

--11--

"I have a plan, my lord."

Celes talks about taking over the town. Demonic uprising.

We'd finalize this at the meeting.

She plays with Vuella until the meeting begins. The power she absorbed from me moving to jealous Celes.

The hydra helps.

--12--

The other women come.

Some brought additional women. They wore rather casual garments. For some reason, familiarity made The Devil very happy.

Trista has a pocketbook filled with cards. She has a bag.

"All of them under control, and in my command."

Trista smells like she's taken the cum of every man she encountered from here to the entertainment district.

"You set a good example. I hope Layla can as well."

Layla's not in yet.

We go over the plan and new individuals are entranced by The Devil one by one.

For the women.

"I have a place for you to sit."

Literally. Several seconds of straddling his body was enough to dim their senses and twist morality to his cause.

For the men, a sense of duty was granted.

"The women will need your strength."

They stood up straight and stuck out their chest with masculine pride.

Twisting the truth a bit. Celes could devour their soul and their zombie minds act in our favor. But that was not the plan.

Layla didn't show up.

--13--

The plan is such.

The town. The neighboring cities.

Build catacombs.

The demons' refuge lies in this city and its catacombs.

Half-demons are to be bred.

Celes didn't have to write this down. But she silently believed she was worth for the title The Devils First Consort.

--14--

History unfolds and is recorded in Marblebrew city hall.

By May 2015, a vast territory becomes well known for its merit.

These merits are as remarkable as they are horrifying.

Entertainment as well as abuse, and recruitment. An entire structure without democracy or capitalism was formed around power of sexuality.

Rogue demons take human slaves of their own. A desire to subjugate and mingle with the weak humans. It is no different from how they did things in their world.




Chapter 6: Layla

--1--

Layla brought Camen, a powerful man, home. She said nobody would be there.

Camen is lustful and greedy. He felt his sack swelling from heat and sweat.

This is coming. Don't think about it, it's going to happen, she said so, and we're here already. She'll lick his smegma off and they'll fuck like dogs in heat.

Layla's been to the same school with him. She is well-endowed. Only, now she had the air of confidence. She came straight for him at ball practice.

He snuck into her bedroom and saw a prissy pink bed with curtains. So this is a girl's bedroom. Normally he'll do it in his car, but this girl's thick, there's no room back there.

--2--

"She has not sensed me. She's coming near. Just around the next turn."

Layla walks past and only sees Camen. He's naked.

"You're impatient. But I can be more impatient than you. Your cock isn't hard yet."

Her moistness returned that day and she needed a man badly.
 
Layla undresses to her underwear. She feels very hot with him in her room.

"It's very warm in here. Did you touch the thermostat? Did you burn something?"

This will do him in.

She turns her back to him, removes her bra, very slowly. Her body is still very thin. She isn't showing yet.

She enters the room closet and after undressing all but her panties, takes a nightdress off a hangar and slips into it.

His manhood hardens. She can smell the pre-ejaculate like he had put it in her nose.

"Are you waiting for me to make the first move now even though I've been ready? Look at this."

She removes her panties and tosses them. He catches them with a sizzle.

Sizzle.

There's white ash on the floor, scorch marks on the ceiling.

Sheets of his sweat slide like candle wax down Camen's body. His hair ignites.

"Camen..."

She looks around carelessly for any other clues. Camen's dead. This is. Get out of there.

Her mind tries to warn her but-

The fire demon already takes her. She automatically fights to pull her arm away from the burning. He throws her on the bed, curtains alight.

"My arm."

It's burnt and numb, the touch of his hands far hotter and stronger than any human.

As much as I like strong men, my magical instincts are honest. This is so bad. My body is sweating so hot.

She casts a spell to cool the room down, and it rains, the fire around her quenches. But only for a moment.

He sets on her and locks his hips with hers. The pain of it makes her violently fight and scream.

She feels his burning phallus rub her clit, it's spurting precum.

When was the last time he? It's a fire something, can you even call this an imp? Who the fuck cares!? Get the fuck off me I can't talk and scream in pain.

Her clothes dry off and burn, her panties too, the phallus ignites in blue. She nearly orgasms, the tip of him boiling her pussy lubricating ejaculate she's stored up. Her body responds by squirting out more until it put out his ball sack it brushes her, sizzle sizzle.

She pleads with this creature's eyes, as she thrust her pelvis, kicks both her legs out, with the hope it comes even close to a man's instinct, she wasn't into it.

I don't accept this. I'm pregnant. I've been claimed by another.

I was going to fuck Camen like a bull rider and throw him out.

Her back arches. Nipples, missile tits, erect, he's making her cum with a little friction and heat. Then he rams in. She contracts all at once. He has to thrust repeatedly to get all the way inside. Her hands try to move but he's still holding her wrists down, and only her head and pelvis can move forward enough to get him out even slightly. She sees the light show while she shouts at the top of her lungs for him to-

"Stop it!"

Her cunt spasmodically grips, trying to hold him in. She's having another orgasm, isn't she? Every blessing she feels from it is humiliation in disguise.

It's painfully hot and what's left of the cold spell is erased from within her. The room is ablaze, and now her insides are heating up so fast. Her insides start to show through her skin because of translucency and light. The muscles surrounded by the unbearable light contract involuntarily, which is bad for her because that's an orgasm she can't stop.

His tongue protrudes and Layla sees clearly. Oily black at first, it ignites pink and green in the air.

He slides it in her mouth and it tastes like oil. Deep in he thrusts. She lights up and glows from the inside like an ornament.

Grabbing her breasts and twerking the nipples, milk beads on the areolae. He moves back to get a better look. Layla rubs her swollen nipples clearly in pain.

He strokes them with his hands, kneading her breasts roughly. They spurt. Layla can clearly see the pleasure on his face, her erect teat. Her body moves on its own against his erection while he plays with her.

He kneads her left breast so it's pointed like an ice cream cone. He puts his painfully hot face down the suction on the cone makes her yell and it's incredibly hot before he digs his teeth in swallowing her ice cream as it's forced out. He meanly shoves his thumb into the right side blackening the tip of her nipple. He lifts his head revealing the bite marks and pulls both with incredible pinching force.

She chokes air rather than breathing properly, she pees and it quickly evaporates. Her sweat cools her off finally, once he lets up. He turns her on her left side like her struggle is meaningless.

Her backside is scorched slowly as he feels it with one hand. Her breasts jiggle freely, the areolae throbbing. She manages to put her hand on one to massage it. Her head is pressed down on the bed. The sheets fall off the bed in ashes.

She's unable to move intentionally from the pain and the damage. But her hips keep moving.

He grabs her ass cheeks and slaps them. Her body tries to move and throw him off. He raises her right leg. Her inner thighs are significant. Her calves are pretty nice, and the monster spends time lavishing them with its burning affection.

There is only one place left unruined. She thinks. Her toes curl.

She's pleased by the sensation but wished it would end, her contracting abdomen and vagina no longer sensitive.

He pulls out and turns her face down grabbing her hair he immediately rams inside of her asshole. He forces her head up and scorches from his elbow run down her back. He gropes her swelling tits and angrily squeezes them, the milky secretions of her body sizzling. Her hair partly burns off.

--3--

Her spine heats up to glowing hot which causes her orgasm reflex to engage. She let out pleasured noises now.

He does this ride in her asshole for several minutes enjoying the way she looks until his partner stops making noises and her anal canal stops wetly gripping him.

He speaks in a garbled spittle dripping manner, the oil leaking out his mouth.

"You're so close. You aren't done."

He pulls out and uses her vagina. Fire breath coming out of his mouth now the air is nearly three hundred degrees. The room barely remains intact.

He grabs her burned arms and thrusts into her still wet place. She's so good.

It feels good to him.

He pulls out to let his fire ignite and shoves it back in. He does this repeatedly.

"You're gonna kill me."

She finally got that out.

He leans his weight and holds her neck with both hands forcing her head in the ashes.

He's able to make her orgasm like this several times until the pleasure causes him to finally cum.

Her charred image was the only beauty he was familiar with, the silky smooth skin he felt when they began was something ephemeral. He looks at her bony body, both of them returning to room temperature. Her skin burned black everywhere he touched while he feasted on her essence.

She's strong. I could impregnate her if I push her harder next time.

"Be prepared. Next time. I won't go easy on you."

He gets up and vanishes.

--4--

Breathe in. Wounds healed. The pain was an illusion of her mortal form.

"Next time? I won't go easy on you."

She casts an arsenal of spells.

"Now you'll be mine."




Chapter 7: A Growing Rift

--1--

Trista has no home to go back to. She saw it on fire.

The fire station search-and-rescue team did their best. Her sister's body wasn't found. All the possessions in her room vanished. It's as if something incinerated everything inside.

Trista grew to be physically identical to Layla but she began wearing a striped tie.

She wasn't nearly as productive in the coven during the takeover. Although her business cards and playthings she scraped together in a single night were tremendous assets.

Samantha and Priscilla formed a scrying group and they detected a kindred soul. The culprit.

Sam, "A Fire Fury, one of the false elemental demons."

Pris, "What looks like Layla, if only her spirit. Neither physically here."

Trista found out all she could and stopped attending the meetings and lost her demon sex.

--2--

Priscilla was uplifted, and only partly due to The Devil's favor. She was a demon's muse, and it partook of her dreams, her waking fantasies, her daily experience.

She brings home Sedo. In throws of passion energetic snake-like tendrils grab her, bind her arms above her, sadistic, exciting. Sedo is captured by the phantom that came out of that armor. The black knight has her, it takes its power back, putting it in Sedo just so she'll feel helpless. The man she brings home believes he is in control.

She became mired in the demonic realm. It was impossible to get Trista's sister back without learning more. Deepening relations could prevent the loss of more people she knew.

A frolic among wealthy aristocrats teaches her how men behave while drunk or drugged. Although the drugs they give her are can't quiet her inner demons.

She does the duties of maid, waitress, prostitute.

Every single time. Every chance, she turns a man into her black knight, she's brought to a screaming orgasm, and it reenters her causing nightmarish dreams.

Eventually, she pays her due to The Devil who summoned her demonic artists and disappears.

--3--

Samantha continued to admire Satan. She was granted wishes. She became a dancing dervish, an angel of sorts, with unquenchable nymphomania.

Sex, a battle, or a fight. She'd fulfill desires whether they're man, woman, or devil.

--4--

"Welcome back, class."

The teacher then has a moment of shock.

"Ms. Flocker, who took your shirt?"

With the closest jacket she could grab, the teacher approaches Sam.

Samantha motions to a nearby student who speaks.

"Teacher. Can we all take off our shirts? My dick is hard and I need to remove my pants. It hurts, teacher."

She shakes her head, and the body of students gets up from their seats, as planned, and loosens the teacher's clothes until she's safely denuded in underwear.

"I can't, like this. What is wrong with all of you?"

Sam looks to the female class rep, a very elegant young woman.

"Mrs. Cranella," The class rep unbuttons a button of her over-shirt every few syllables, "we class of 41-A, in this bell period, here and now, demand this class to be nudist." She manages to finish and heaves her chest as her bra slips off. Her boyfriend gets up and cups her wine glass tits, and she continues to stand firm as was planned.

The girls all take off their tops.

"Can I keep my shirt on? I have small breasts."

Samantha stands up and easily turns full circle.

The girl who spoke up removes her clothes entirely. Small tits are beautiful!

"Can I look like her!?"

Sam has an impression of everyone in the class, she would not let them down. She'd recruit the teacher, the class rep, and the innocent admirer and have them each initiated by the coven. Maybe that boy would be a life-long mate, maybe not.

But most importantly, she wants them to forget they had planned this. Her craving, they should tie her to her desk and have their way with her rather than be so submissive.

The nudist class lasts about ten minutes. Looking for someone to relieve them, the women find all the men have moved over to Samantha. Her wish is granted and the gymnasium scene seems to repeat just like she imagined and then willed it.

--5--

The two sisters can't imagine cumming any other way since the blue tentacles played with them, connecting them, and sometimes deeply caressing inside them. They try to live normally. They ignore the changing scene around them. The energies of darkness, the demons, the gallivanting devils, and their kin. They're alone together right now. They try to connect their orgasm with magical telepathy while masturbating.

Another failure.

One takes out the double-ended dildo, a flared middle, and they have the usual ass-to-ass anal intercourse.

They research many more demons.

So this is the place. So many half-breed demons already, the very young, evidence of interbreeding. The older ones are pure, they exude a presence. It was too intimidating so they quietly left.

We should go to the basement.

They walk past the kennels where the lowest carnal beasts are bred. A snarling ginger-haired beast is speaking their language.

"Come to me. Faker. I will take you."

The two girls stand closer to listen.

"Don't toy with me. Faker. Can you understand me? You're a worthless fake. Don't torment me."

"One jagged erection. Sadly, not all demons have two cocks. This one's useless."

"Hold on, it speaks English."

One girl reaches to its face and a pink tongue licks her hand. Oddly tame response.

"You're better than most." It says.

It slurps her hand in, and the suction is pleasant. She feels its tongue. One... Two tongues.

The thing releases her after a minute and it's silent, its eyes glancing around.

She opens her mouth and sticks her tongue out and points.

The speaker opens its mouth. It lacks teeth, but somehow with two tongues about the width and shape of their favorite toy.

The girls are very happy. "We can try something."

They negotiate with the beast keeper. For an hour of contact with them touching her, she'll grant access to the human speech mimic.

--6--

They rested on the keeper and took turns napping until she put her hands on their heads and stood up. She opened the gates for them and wandered off with the gates still open.

The speech mimic remained still. It had fur, the shape of a mammal, like a lion. It wouldn't talk.

The girls flaunt their privates. It stood from its resting position and became erect expectantly.

One caressed its head and stuck out her tongue. It seemed to roll its eyes, then they repeated the look at its tongues close-up.

They worked something out. A girl placed her entire naked rear inside it. It sucked at her and only ever slightly began tasting her with its tongue. She laughed from the tickling, and the other one traded places.

They then tried sitting in the reverse position. The creature could open its mouth enough to rub their tits. Other than its obsession with their breasts it did nothing out of the ordinary.

"Help me," its hope returns.

The girls commune.

They caressed its penis together, but only slightly. Then they went back to training it to use its tongues for their pleasure.

"You are the most beautiful women."

They also gave it caresses for saying nice things.

The keeper returns and speaks up.

"I'm closing up for the night. I can't let anybody walk in." She left.

"Don't leave me like this."

They both waved. And winked. Maybe they will help.

--7--

They waited for signs the keeper was gone and came back to the wall to continue training it.

It could extend its tongues through the barrier.

It spoke in a whisper.

"I'm ready to mate. You are the most beautiful women. Look. When you touched me."

It puts its penis through the gap in the wall. There's a bulbous tip. There's just the slightest hint of a sheath with nodules along the soft skin. It has hair stubble and fur at the base.

They caress it, and stop so it'll give up. It doesn't. They start teasing it more, touching the urethra exit. The beast lets out guttural undulations. There's a click as the shaft visibly flexes because of them. Several minutes pass, and it doesn't give up. One girl puts her middle finger up the urethra.

"No."

They play very naughtily trying to make it give in. Barely touching anything but occasionally teasing it there.

"Have I done anything wrong? You keep offering what I want and making me clean you, then touching me there. Are you young or stupid? That thing goes in you."

It changes tone.

"I didn't mean that. Your beauty. We could have beautiful kids."

It can't see them from where it is. They lick its cock head all over until it starts thrusting, moving away from their faces and coming back too hard. The act it desires, a harrowing fate should it penetrate either of them.

They disapprove and run away.

They come back. It smells them.

One displays her vagina, and begins rubbing it until wet. Her sister is off to the side, concealing a female demon, something like a giant who bragged about wearing equine lovers down.

It places itself through the hole. They tease it ever so slightly until the first twitch.

The giantess gets down and begins servicing its cock orally. She has some thick fur and appears shaven in an ornamental way. Otherwise, she's wearing clothes that look like a novelty t-shirt, and a mini skirt. If anything she looks like a very large girl, with a broad jaw. She's wearing more makeup than either of them. Her eyes flutter, and her slurping becomes more passionate, one can only guess why.

She presses her rear into the penis. The girls glance at each other, unsure if this will work. It goes in smoothly and she lets out a human-like whine between bared teeth. So, she's a formidable actress too.

The scene that unfolds looks vaguely like a giant vibing off a small pink object.

Cried the mimic, "This is so amazing! I can barely express my gratitude. Here is what I give the two most beautiful women in the world."

The giantess jumped and stretched forward as it spoke. Her womb distended before it gave the warning. Was that a look of shock? No doubt she missed what it said. But they heard.

"Let's not do this."

"Forget the threeway. I felt that in my pussy when it came."

"This creature can't be trained."

They rub their clits until they calm down and return home for the usual, not wanting to give the hydra the satisfaction of knowing they tried and failed to replace it.

--8--

Celes Poker is subordinate to The Devil. She is also the unofficial leader of the coven second to Him.

Cindy, Ruby, and Vuella were bound and released to minor demons, they return each day for playtime and power siphons through them. It has its perks, they seem very satisfied. New recruits follow a similar path.

Celes has her way, domesticating women, or stealing them from men and bringing them to the fold. The better looking the more likely Celes takes a shine. She bestows them power with her own body that makes them last longer physically and mentally before they are sired by something ruinous to their relationship.

--9--

Ruby's horn dog loves to make her cry. His rough sex is so painful she doesn't dare make a noise until he spurts seed into her. She's a loyal bitch to him and doesn't want any men. Pretty soon she absorbs the rage of his sex. During fights, she is hard as steel. A boot comes down on her face and she swipes it off, "You can't satisfy me nearly as much as he will tonight!" She trips her opponent and scissor-leg-locks. Her swollen uterus needs to be torn into and ravaged before she'll give in.

"The story goes, a half-man half-wolf groped her on the subway. His fingers were broken." The audience of a few people who follow her like to brag about it. Similar incidents became something of a story to spread.

A hybrid wolf demon was generated based on the horn dog and the wolf demon at base.

Ruby was besmirched for not giving birth to her own children. She tested one after the creation.

"Wolf cub, half my husband. I dare you to touch me."

Touch her. It did. It smelled her power was desirable. It had no mating desire yet but it still poured its anger into her. It could touch her anywhere, and she could hardly fight it. She was quite satisfied.

"If only such a powerful breed could replace the men in my life."

She'd assault and enrage several of these cubs to test their mettle in combat and bed before getting captured by peace-keeping demons, in jail for public indecency.

Without its mate showing, it thought her dead. The horned dog roamed and scared the locals before getting dragged to a demon's kennel.

--10--

Cindy's demon was impatient and she screamed every time it came. Despite that, she couldn't shake her need for it.

Her body was good as new within a few hours and she felt better every day. She slowly became very confident in organized fashion.

The Devil read her mind when she attempted to consort with him for his power as well.

"It would be a gift if I tamed her demon as well as it tamed her."

She was commanded to groom more women as human livestock. A lingerie fashion line was extended to get women more attuned to their receptive nature. Cindy also fabricated a line of lingerie with a reflective rune pattern. Article writers make suggestions about bestial hair grooming. A certain bodysuit was created, which is meant to be submerged in a bathtub before wearing.

--11--

Vuella's demon kept outside and often demanded she stay with it all night. She was unable to sleep with her husband until she voluntarily ended their relationship and marriage.

There wasn't much else for her to do but feel the weight of her true love. His thick semen would flow into her with her enraptured gaze, into her mouth, or her lower half.

She put on some weight and her breasts got bigger. Eventually, she woke with demon cubs suckling at her. It was the best feeling she'd have. Her lover mounted her every night while she breastfed their pink-tongued babies.

"It's a miracle. I get to be a mother. None of the others got to."

She had been transformed significantly through long-term exposure to the power. She even ovulated while pregnant like a dog. She could have more cubs again soon.

--12--

City-wide infrastructure became offensive to humanity. Creating brothels where women meet demons.

Men felt their value was ripped away, cucked. A demon can be 12 feet tall, with many hands. Sex-starved demons can have multiple phalli. Sex-hungry women were spreading the rumors word of mouth.

A drug informant contacted their police department.

"There is a sex traffic rig going on. Pretty much every week I see hundreds of new women, and they never show up again. I've never seen such a thing and it was extremely expensive just to get within view. The women looked incredible, their bodies, and the clothes they wore. So many fresh prostitutes, I tried to get with one and she gave me one beautiful cold shoulder."

"Fuck, don't say that on the phone. I know you're undercover but a pedophile like you knows you better keep in line."

"They weren't young."

"Wait what?"

"I say they were mid-age. About the same as me."

"Were you on drugs?"

Regardless this was enough to make the investigation allocate significant resources.

--13--

"This is out of the norm."

There was a silver carpet. It looked like a theater.

A limousine pulled in and out stepped a scrawny man.

"Police line. You can't go in there it's being inspected."

He was stopped before entering the building.

--14--

Soon various women began gathering. They were in turn questioned, and they had few escorts. They said their boyfriend was already waiting, they needed to be there.

"We've been here all day and no men have gone in."

There was just one scrawny guy, and he turned out to be a hired singer.

They went in and the hall was empty. They found a dark room. Police entered it and soon began shouting.

--15--

There were sentinel demons, rocky, robotic, hybridized into stony-faced warriors to consort women. When they saw the cops they went to the dark and remained still, but someone came snooping.

The sliding wall sections hid the full demons. They brought in big lights and soon yelled in fright.

"Great Onk, you have the power and this is the place." Chanting.

The demons summoned a dungeon shade who would ensure the place doesn't get destroyed by outsiders.

"We need to repair the floors and walls afterwards."

"Fuck these cops, if we ambush them they'll never see us."

Like he said the first ambush was a success but eventually they got a shot off, which warned the rest.

"It's metal. Isn't someone immune to metal?"

More bullets were used, the werewolf was immune, and regenerative trolls were immune. It took a long time to subdue the humans outside the darkness.

The dungeon shade warned them.

"Outside, before they acquire a greater power. The onslaught will be nothing by comparison."

--16--

The women were absolutely drop-dead gorgeous.

They started getting calls on their phones. Some got back in their cars and drove away.

"What about your boyfriend?"

"Oh, he's not here. It must be the wrong day."

"Same story, different drop-dead gorgeous MILF."

One woman asked a bigger cop if he'd come with her.

"I'm on duty."

She offered him in no subtle way, allowing him to look down her blouse. She pressed her hand against her own crotch so he could see her cloth darken.

"I think I'm fired."

He takes off his uniform, puts his jacket on her, then goes with her. There were other similar duty abandonment incidents.

The singer left with a woman as well.

"Our men were taken out. That could have been any one of us."

The sky appeared red.

The front and side double doors of the theater open. Team members exit, but their radios are off, their formation is wrong.

"It's a Trojan army."

One of the vans with listening devices shouted over the loudspeaker and then took off.

"Everyone scramble."

The fake team swept through the crowd before they fired a single bullet.

--17--

The women came back. Some even had their police toy boys.

Then they entered the club. Some of the men were concerned with the odd design.

"You'll have to watch."

They had absurd rigs, holes in walls, tables, couches. It was like an erotic sex parlor.

"I'm going to break some laws."

Although they put on their uniforms, minus the badge, they bound the women willing to participate.

"This woman is too small for me. Can we trade?"

"Her breast feels too good I can't let go. Ask Horace."

The men were abruptly shoved to the side and what looked like cows, or giant pigs with stony skin replaced them. The men's concerns were forgotten by moaning and hysterical screaming women. The noises soon became sensual.

Cum filling their bellies, there was quite a gushing sound as all the rough men came.

The jilted men checked their flings. Doe-like eyes, exhausted.

"I'm thirsty. Give me that D."

"Excuse me?"

"This is nuts. Are you alright?"

The women opened up and waited for it. The stony men began reinserting. The men were drained orally and emotionally.




Chapter 8: Party Animals

--1--

After the expansion of the demon territory into the human realm slowed it started to harden its inside.

Beware of outsiders. Throw them off our trail.

The first instituted delusion are constant parties. Just about anyone could find attractive singles at parties.

There's a flyer along the road every mile from a house party.

Flyer: Come to 1350 Appleview Blvd. party at 11. singles or swingers only.

A van of seven people. They drove halfway across the state not to be caught locally.

It was a pretty big resort club. They were legal drinking age at least.

The first thing they noticed was the bartender was a woman with a demi-human getup, horns and tail.

"Is she an ox?"

"There are hired waitresses in bikinis with tails too. Hey, that one's a bunny with a bow tie."

"This is some class."

Their senior Jibrilla stepped forward.

"I'm going to look for the nasty part. These places are full of it. I'll be back if I score us a few."

The bunny waitress comes up to Brent who mentioned her, offering a snack, her cleavage. She began adjusting the bow tie, pushing her tits together but whoops her hand came down on the cusp over her nip and it was fully bare. She put her hand over it slowly and dropped a wink while bending the cusp back.

The group split apart, trying not to stick out, but Brent still looks around wondering who saw that.

--2--

Brent was brought to a table reserved for that bunny.

More women came and sat next to him. Eventually, rabbit ears appeared on his lap, and he could feel her rubbing his crotch working his cock out. She slips her mouth around it and the blood engorges.

He looks at the woman on his right. She's looking at him in a very interested sort of way. She shows off her bra and cleavage to him, several do on that side.

The table slides back more and he can see the waitress easier. Her tail. She turns around and works him with her pussy, that tail spread out in front of him until he comes and breathes harshly.

They dim the lights and another suited girl comes to repeat, most of the features too dark to see. Her cherry lipstick and eye mask stand out. Another load goes into this one's tastefully displayed spread.

The girls are amazing nymphos. The women on his side are pretty attentive too.

--3--

Jass went dancing at first. She quit and went outside for a solo spot to show off her body.

With lots of energy, she truly enjoyed dancing for a crowd.

Someone played music. Backup dancers came to enjoy too.

"This is really fun."

--4--

Jibrilla worked her way to the back and talked to the toughest-looking guys. Most of them registered her with their eyes but nothing more. Eventually, she found someone who put his arms around her and gave her a table.

She is attracted to big men. She strips her clothes off and tries to hide in men's coats. She feels them stiffen their body and then relax as she presses in.

"I came with friends. I think they'd love this."

"You need some time with us."

She agreed. She sweat like mad and they gave her a lot of fresh juice to cool off. She noticed her heartbeat racing.

Did they spike the drinks?

She had sex with a few men and women. The men used protection. She sixty-nined the females. A hermaphrodite surprised her but she suckled both members, the cum from her cock was not unlike what she's tasted before.

There were holes in the wall and she sucked on dicks they stuck through. Some didn't appear to be human.

"Just don't swallow. The alcohol will sterilize it. Spit it out now."

"You're making them happy, but you know you could do this for some dough?"

She placed her lower half through a wall and felt dozens of tongues.

"That has to be a pig licking me, it's so long."

She was pretty exhausted and a male swinging his big dick came up to her face. She grinned because her lovers were so greedy they couldn't wait for her.

--5--

A couple of guys at the bar loosen up. Some outsiders came over.

"This is Millie. Are you going to y..."

"Hey hey I think they're not from here." Millie interrupts.

Millie's eyes look glossy. Her teary eyes are beautiful.

She serves a few drinks and stands in front of the new guys.

From this angle, I can see her bra. The stools were low.

She turns and starts, clinking glasses.

"See that honey pot? I can see up to her tail under her skirt. Her pussy is shaven too."

Millie speaks coolly.

"Start jerking off slowly."

Several other women with Millie's appeal come out.

"My balls are aching. Millie."

The girls get down and suck them till they're about to blow. One guy does, and they stop.

"Winner."

The others who are unfinished are taken away by the attractive women.

Millie returns and brings the winner to a private booth.

She undoes her top and lets him play with her entire body. He rubs in the oils she gave him there until her nipples entice him and he sucks at them.

She lies on a table, her lower half for him to enjoy. She lifts her legs. The tail is realistic, her vagina looks like it could take his whole fist, her ass bone is deep causing a valley around her anus.

He needed to cum again anyway and this was the perfect place. His eyes lock on her vagina.

--6--

The men who were escorted away were forced to work, milking girls who were lining up for free massages.

They started fucking, and cumming in each girl. The girls appeared to be dressed as different animals.

Eventually, they saw more oxen come to inspect their work.

"They fucked every one of us."

"We were told to. Are we in trouble?"

"You're a lower class from the men they're trained by. Let me show you."

An ox man let out a hot breath and flared his nose.

Several oxen and hybrid ox demons emerged and shoved twenty-inch dicks in shooting cum, blowing their human cum out the vagina of each girl.

"That should undo any damage. Just in case, you're hired, permanently. Keep an eye on the girls, we have business."

--7--

A stage was there. On it, a female club announcer wearing some crazy winged outfit.

"It's late. So let's start the best part. The club doors."

They close the doors and evidently lock them and draw shades down. Lights come on.

"Fire code violated... Who said that?"

A bubbly woman is brought on stage. She's fitted with a green collar right there. She's something like a dog fetish.

"It's time for a bitch show. Let's all remain quiet and welcome Spizzard."

They bring out a big animal that could be a dog or lizard.

Jibrilla is brought on stage.

She gets down grinning. Out comes her chosen mate. It's a yellow pig-man.

"Jibrilla!"

The first woman is pawed at with webbed hands with long dull claws. and a scruffy long neck.

One of her friends shout it's not what they wanted. The drugs came back to her friends. They brought Jibrilla with them. The drugs start to work.

The huge pig's penetration pushes Jibrilla's stomach out, a whining scream comes out of her mouth. Her face is red, it is forced down to the stage floor, sweating, and she's pumped repeatedly for a half-hour bearing the weight of a pig announcing every time she has to force the cum out.

Spizzard has a way of taking his time, and finally starts slowly stuffing his little doggy when the stage grows silent long after the pig's done.

A friend believes she can feel every orgasm Jibrilla has and faints. She's held by a demoness in pigtails rubbing her clit until she regains consciousness.

The hostess from the stage greets her with a kiss. She puts her tongue in and grinds her clit. The demoness works her way into her asshole, apparently not only female.

--8--

Brent has experienced many of the surrounding women. He was fully serviced.

When they started the sex show and delivered him drugs his cock became fully erect. He got to see from the side, the penetration, and how the woman moved. It was far away.

More girls came, they wipe the corners of their mouths, and their faces, teary-eyed, their cunts drooling.

"I need this cum." One emphasis on 'this' with a quick curtsey and pressing her lips together.

The dim lights made it difficult to see the girls. They were wearing costumes, with tails, fur, and wings, exotic. Their faces were devilish with broad uncalled-for expressions.

His cock was squeezed over and over, by the power of an exotic uterus. They emotionally squeezed him, exotic faces happy, on the verge of tears, incredibly horny, and drooling. Why'd they drool like that?

He felt their asses directly with his hand when they mounted him, muscular, sometimes small, some wore lingerie.

Girls of a delicate nature started to come over, and he was held by the women he had just given himself to. Something wrong with the way he touched them maybe? The gentle sensation of the small, sensitive woman touching his cock tickled him and brought him to a powerful orgasm. His cum would come in contact with these girls' skin. Enough to satisfy them. They waned while looking in his eyes so the next could take their place.

--9--

Jass came out, danced, and waited by the car once everyone left. She wasn't into the club scene.

Some of her friends came.

"Where's Brent? Where's Jibrilla? Hey, I'm not leaving without my main girl. Doesn't Sick Kid have the car keys?"

"Nope. Got them here."

"Ok, what about Jizz Kid?"

"I think I saw him spanking a girl wearing cow print with a rager."

"What the fuck? No, he wasn't."

"Sick kid was O.D. A girl giving me handy, we made out. She foxy."

"You're not right," she says this with a laugh expecting a "gotcha" coming.

--10--

Various seeds, passing for humans, are sent in exchange for real humans to schools mostly.

A lecherous teacher meets a girl in class.

"Teacher your thing feels..."

She gives him what he wants just once, he a vanilla fanboy that still forgets to use protection.

The females come to him of all breeding ages. His girl was a magical creature, she is far more powerful and lecherous than he.

--11--

The bustiest student is a part-time model. Gregory can't keep his eyes off.

One day she leaves a note. He wanders into a trap, unable to ever meet her, his life flashes before his eyes. The bullies are scared off screaming.

He is allowed to fondle her until he falls asleep. It's like a dream.

Sexy stories in school like this keep occurring now, and the heavy foot of education slipped over banana peels.

--12--

A college vine comes out.

"Wolfman on *** campus, a molester and rapist who wears a wolf costume is perpetually victimizing female members of the student and staff."

Despite cameras' surveillance and pocket recorders, the alleged victims couldn't get a clean image or sound.

--13--

Mr. Horx was going through phases of being exhausted and turning into a wolf. His dick metamorphosis left him aroused, and his brain would shrink leaving him with nothing but primal rage, and an erection.

"This curse is incredible." He tends to think this upon reverting back to human form.

He is a scrawny man but his charm shined through, women fawned for him. When he got the scent of a female it began. Soon he'd breed, but not with the ones he knew.

The women who willingly gave into their desire were very satisfied. He could stay humanoid, his strength increasing dramatically.

The other women thought he was courteous and jovial during dates. One who was gagged and tied in a bathroom even found out he had a heroic streak.

--14--

Come guns blazing. Leave bred.

"This is Sgt. Calk reporting. Ultra bomber psycho."

"There's been radio silence. Report."

"No resistance. We found an underground farm. There was no resistance. Repeat. No resistance."

"Just watch out for mega beasts."

Sgt. Calk felt blessed that day. He got into a firefight with the most absurdly dressed beast-mounted warrior who disarmed him. He forgot his wife and kids and thought only about her now.

She had metallic skin. Her eyes were like blown glass, sparkly, see-through. Her armor was full until she took off the parts that mattered anyway.

He was hard just thinking about that and wanted to remember what happened next.

"Incoming!"

"Hold your fire." Sgt. Calk commands. "Lower your weapons."

Everyone, "Incoming! Incoming. Bogey. Behind you!"

"Sir they've captured half our men, we need to fight back."

"Hold your dick. Private, the one in front of you, I see clear as day she's a catch. A real cute one."

"Sir?"

"You like girls don't you?"

"Y-y yes sir!"

This must be the thing called peace.

--15--

In the demon realm, there is a natural order. Devils at the top, hybrids in middle, demons at the bottom.

So naturally, they competed.

There's a concert. Female idols in frilly lingerie on stage. Their breasts are bouncy and their eyes are wide with a surprised look. There's a force behind their expressions, giving the audience energy.

They begin dancing. Their choreography hangs their breasts and they jiggle. They display their butts. The lights flash brightly and they tilt, the female lead exits the stage, and a busty set girl's wardrobe malfunctions.

They return for the second act. This involves a bustier girl taking a horse-sized cock in her ass from a bull demon.

"One heart one love."

--16--

A forest tournament is organized, a fight or fuck orgy.

The main rules are to use stunning weapons to capture a target, briefly mark them to submit, then have sex.

Some of the girls capture demons and vice versa. It's purely a physical sport.

--17--

A later date has a mind-break gauntlet.

The stakes are too high for arbitration. Natural demons lose in great numbers. The girls with devil imbued blood, and the half-breeds use their full powers from magic, wit, to immense strength.

Any demon that reaches the end has access to mate with the participating men and women and create new hybrids. The failures were to give away their energies, the partners they'd sleep with to generate the energy would be other demons, much less enjoyable.

--18--

There is a natural order in the Human, the mortal realm. Humans are the weakest, and so abundant no other faction competes.

It's common for a single hybrid to mate with an entire fleet of adult humans. Some are even capable of spreading parasitic magic auras, simply feeding off life forces.

In rare instances the demons humor a human, and grant exceptional pleasure. Those demons become familiars rather than masters.

--19--

Even rarer, there's a devil seeking to empower humans, demon broods, and trade in human flesh.

At least, this is what people say.




Chapter 9: Rivals

--1--

A woman possessed, Angie was submitted to a psychiatric ward.

"She is a hundred percent not of this world."

The weirdos with prognosis after prognosis tear away at her humanity.

"Delusions."

The corrupt guard at the door lets in whoever shows up. The guards double up with one outside her door. The doctors are willing to spend mere minutes with her.

"Good morning Ms. Doe."

"Call me Angie. Please."

"Oh, that's right. You don't like to hear the truth. There is no Angie. All your claims have been falsified to date. We must deal with the fact that you have a fractured mind."

"Isn't my case still being reviewed?"

"Let's get to something constructive. Shall we?"

"Marriage?"

"Yes. Marry me and I can take you out of here. It is the same offer as before."

The doctors often say this and never make good on it.

"Here take this. It'll make the next part intense."

They provided stimulants.

"Did the modification scars heal? Good, I'll be enjoying this body too someday."

They provided plastic surgery and body modifications.

Angie has been working out, her arms begin to gain muscle.

"We're reducing your protein."

"Don't. Please don't put me in the jacket. I'll stay still."

"You're a danger to yourself if you're left like this."

Her body figure became that of a plastic doll's appearance against her will. Her image became like a very young girl, with long hair.

She was dressed up and ordered to carry drinks in small plastic cups for patrons of unusual places. Her outfits were ridiculously sexy despite her young looks.

"It's like it was worth all the trouble."

She did photo shoots in other rooms set up like a stage.

Eventually, she was sent away, the hospital apparently satisfied with her. She slept somewhere new every day for several years, her sense of self, lost. No name.

She became a bondage slave, the looks the hospital forced on her faded, and so did her mind. Her plastic looks became torn and distorted.

"If there's a god or a devil somewhere I would give my soul to him just to end this."

A wealthy man bought her and used her like a ragdoll until her final day as herself. She with a bloated belly from starvation, merely a diet of bread slices, from her arms she saw a living corpse.

Her organs were harvested before she even passed out at the inhumane place they sent her.

--2--

Angie woke up, she was even shorter than before. Although she never really knew her height, she could tell the size of her body changed.

A number of dolls surround her.

She examined the nearest doll, it was lifelike, her height. She reached to touch it, but her arm wasn't right, the movement a little off.

Then that doll moved.

"Not so close."

"What did you say?"

A talking doll.

"Don't touch me. You're not finished and it's creepy."

Same height as her. Looks like a doll. Not a doll.

"You talked. Then again, how am I talking with my mouth covered?"

"Huh?"

"My mouth is covered, I feel the fabric on it, there's a ball gag when I was cut, they kept me quiet. The pain of my surgical scars. Wait. I have arms. Those were the first thing amputated."

"You sound like you went through hell. You've got a story. We'll get in trouble if we talk here."

There was something too amusing about a doll talking to her. Angie looks around.

Lights brightened. Someone very tall took her out of the closet, then she fell asleep.

--3--

She woke up while moving around.

"I feel possessed."

She danced like every muscle on her moved with perfect grace. The stopped, her head lolling to the side.

"Wonderful. She's wonderful. By far the best work I've ever seen."

Angie moved her eyes to the side, there was a smooth white and black harlequin doll with a generous anatomically accurate figure.

"Lean for the customer."

She could see the doll move after her tights were adjusted. An ample cleft of her Venus Mons, and buttcheeks, evidently anatomically correct.

"Spread."

She balanced with one hand and spread her butt with the other.

A man sounding very excited spoke up.

"Just how... strong?"

"One-hand-stand... There's no way to tell. But she could be a completely autonomous bodyguard."

"I'll take her. Training her would be a treat."

Angie was taken.

"You'll be with us a long time. With girls like you, this organization is going to be big."

She and a dozen or so other girls were known as synth-brains. Synths were docile, the real ones at least.

--4--

A jazzy club, The Grind. Also known to the locals as 'the snook'.

Big Kella "Da badass" was at the V.I.P. lounge section playing with his escorts.

There was Minnie, Kendra, Slaya... and he randomly catcalls them and touches them as the primary source of communication. A very hands-on management style, they're well versed in it.

Betty took a seat in his lap. He didn't protest and lifted her breast up while she puffed them out. He tried to get one nipple up by twerking her under her clothes and after a moment she reciprocated a pained moan. Reveries working her emotionally, rather than any skill of his.

The adult club didn't allow nudity but that wasn't a restriction for the customers, it was more to protect them from the uncanny beauty.

Sandy, Big's next best thing (TM) undid her top, expecting to get a tip. His big dick felt heated on her thigh and she worked it out till it was stiff in the air.

"Big's D."

She worked him with her eyes. She would not, absolutely would not let anyone else touch it. He was going to look at her, and she'd go down on him then.

"I really could use more of that good stuff, and money doesn't hurt."

Betty was getting the works. Sandy moved in for a team up and Betty was receptive, their tongues touched. Big Kella made some approving grunts and signaled his 'money' over.

Money waved about half a grand to get the girls riled up.

This was good for Sandy. She felt ready for a quarter grand, she usually splits the take with another girl, but this means she earns as many times as the others earned in a night. She's the best.

Betty had an asinine lull and rocked back a bit. Her breast is sensitive to touch. Kella slips his finger into her.

They're all drinking so they do shots. Betty has a shot between her breasts. They eat snacks.

Sandy snacks on a big D with the recognition she's in danger of being a mere fluffer for the main event.

Sandy wants way more.

"Hey, Minnie come here."

Betty rolls up her shorts and sits with big D between her glutes.

Minnie is wearing a cute lingerie suit and Sandy is as well. They have accentuated their big butts and have on makeup.

"Hi, Big Kella we want you to come with us."

Rustle.

While the other girls were competing she coolly took control of Kella's orgasm. She slipped big D up her ass when he precame. The rough intercourse made him drowsy for a very long time.

"Damn. Damn! Where is it? You know what I mean. The grand I was saving to stuff in my girls."

Betty was a few months into the prostitution business and could have overdosed at any time. Angie changed from a harlot known as Betty to a party girl, Lana.
 
Angie pilfered every bit of cash and tech on Big D. She took the half grand and left to the toilet.
 
She danced for a while and left with a few girls going to another party.

There was a molester and a few guys aiming to take advantage of the drunk girls. Lana completely overpowered them. What a stupid bastard.

Angie upgraded.

Signs she was a synth, like her eye shape and incredibly narrow waist were gradually removed.

Appearance finally back to that of a full human, regaining her life. Her brain was not synthetic, she believed that. Her training was thorough, however.

She acquired an arsenal of magic weapons and resistance. She became infamous, a human without any strings, in the devil age she was free.

--5--

Back at the lab.

"I got this stick from fat dick."

Analysis completed.

"Angie. This is getting serious. Kella was a damn monster. And he was paying huge."

"Enough. Write down a persona and give me a target, that's all I ever need."

--6--

There were a few hellspawn demons that used human disguises riding their souped car ahead of a terror teaming van. Angie took them out and stood in the street not a mile outside their destined target.

Angie meant to raid a party of murderous demons en route. She was pretending to be a dumb cunt, this time, but only for a second.

She removes a bag. She takes off her jacket. She takes off her clothes, revealing her skin. The skin a doll like her has. Synthetic. She removes some grease and spreads it around.

--7--

"Look, a pretty broad. Hi, sweet thing. Get in you're the first tonight."

"She's there naked."

"That's not naked. She's just been worn out. Look some of her clothes are still on. You can see the cum stains and they greased her up."

The spokesman may have been a human but in the van were some wicked abductors, and spawns. Some corrupted dead from their last raid very thinly disguised, like zombies. Real gross shit you would not want to be ten feet from, never mind what they had planned.

"Yo. If you're not gonna move I'll roll over you, bitch."

"Fuck that shit I'm going to eat her."

The van opened and a snake corruption came out.

"Get her, hell yeah, fuck that shit let's go."

Angie's hand fired a beam from her hip and the snakes died. The corrupted fell flat nothing but empty clothes.

After a moment of catharsis, Angie did the same to the van. She didn't even move her body. The van was only slightly damaged.

A girl who was brought alive broke out naked and fell down.

Spawns came out with their tails dripping with what could only be called semen. They were shot out of the air. Angie's team is at the side of the road.

"Easy."

The driver came out with his hands up.

"Don't hurt me I was forced."

He walked dangerously close to the victim on the road. Angie stood up and came over next to them for an assessment.

"Some kidnapped victims. Keep an eye out for more."

The man bumped into Angie and spikes shot out suddenly piercing her. She reflexively decapitated him in a single kick.

Angie wasn't affected but detected spawn toxins in her synthetic nerves. The woman on the road was hit. The team applied triage and took her to fix her up.

--8--

They spent a long time taking out terror raids. The number keeps growing, the source of power is too great. The power of demons and the disguises they used kept improving to no end.

They have a run-in with destiny.

"This is a serious force of nature. A barrier demon. This is not a terror raid. Should we retreat?"

"I'm not letting it through. Intel determined the monstrosities in that group are heinous, vile, totally evil. The things they could do if they simply entered the street among humans. No way."

"Angie. We don't have the strength of a single barrier, we'd die of old age before it has to move. If we aged. A counterspell."

"Got one with me."

Their raid on the terror group went smoothly. A counterspell shut down the barriers, rendering them weak as bugs, and the terror group ran.

--9--

Angie is met by a man at her home. While he talks, she thinks of a way to get out.

"I've been watching. It's amusing that you take out so many low-level demons."

This isn't good. Power-level-wise, I can't get a read. No escape. No escape. This isn't just a demon, it's a hemon.

"Maybe you'll change your mind if you just give it a try for yourself. You'll see, the humans, they're not what you think, and they're not like us. You're clearly not a human. At least, not anymore."

How does he know? Can't say no. He can do things. In the worst place now. He couldn't find a worse time and place.

Angie went.

--10--

It's a goddamn terror raid.

"So, this is the drive over. It's a mock way of saying -we're humans like you pigs, we'll fuck like pig humans-. HAHAH hAH FUCKiNg RiGhT?"

The spokesman was a drug-addled high roll. Evidently, he was human. In fact, most of the convoy was human, but the things with them, clearly, didn't care what that meant. Nor did they. These people are out of their minds.

They drove up to a makeshift house of worship, it's not clear if it's religious or satanic. There are people playing, some are reading. It's the middle of the day. This place is pretty much what a small schoolhouse looks like.

The raid group gets in the mix. They seem to be having fun.

She didn't expect they'd even bother.

It starts to get rowdy and it looks like the place is being taken control of. The humans are stealing women. Someone's calling the police.

"I can't."

Angie knocks the aggressors out one by one.

The onlooking demons turn to leave. Mollified because of her oppressive nature.

"No. You stay and try me. Just tell your boss that it all went well. The truth can stay with us. I'll take whatever you have."

They each take turns with her. They have simple sexual needs. She's doesn't need to feel anything she doesn't want. In the end, she was used for what she was built.

--11--

Back at her home. The hemon waited.

"You didn't see it through to the end. I told you."

"The men were thoroughly satisfied with the outcome. I made sure. I liked them." Her deception failed but she thinks she can play the slut angle. "I was simply taken by their good looks and humor."

"So. You're incapable of controlling your lust now, like a mechanical succubus, is that it? But you're no succubus, and you're not a demon. You aren't biological, your magic is fraudulent."

He moves to flex. Is he going to hit her?

He says, "So how about you try to beat me?"

"I can't win against you. No way."

"You said it yourself. You liked them. Will you insult me?"

"Sex? We call it even if I do."

"In fact, you can call it whatever you want."

She had to think of what she knew about the hemon quick. I'll be fucked until he breaks my mind. But, how?

"You can penetrate me. You can absorb what you want. I... don't have much spirit energy. Most men are satisfied with their penis, I could seduce you. I have programs."

He sat down, bemused.

"Can you tell me who this is?"

"Gomez."

"Can I call you Go?"

"Fine."

"Go, this is for you."

She Slips her bottom underwear off and tosses it to Gomez. It's miraculously clean. She turns and reveals her asshole. She knows it is as smooth as a plastic toy, circular like an onahole, well-defined between two over-engineered glutes. Manufactured, powerful, soft. Sexually pleasing to the touch, that was the mission of her organization. And of course, completely deadly if necessary.

Tweaking her own nipples makes them stand. She plays with her breasts in view and attempts to look interested in Go. Her wineglass breasts don't get in the way. She kneads the subcutaneous membrane and lets her breasts swell in all the right places.

Go decides to take initiative.

"This is boring. Lubricate your tits and jerk me off with them."

"What do I use. I guess there's lotion."

"We know you can do better. Weren't you an A cup? You're a D now. I can even hear what you call fat moving from your insides to the surface."

She gets down and works him between her breasts dry. He's something like fifteen inches. A foot-and-a-half long shlong. She sighs and lets her stimulant leak out of her mouth.

A jet of cum flies back and surprises her enough she stops to spit it out. Go takes her tits in his hands and finishes jerking off.

The amount of cum from this hybrid covers her shoulders. She can smell it. She is afraid to move while he holds her. He repeatedly came like a yard hose and the smell is getting to her so she shuts off her receptors.

"I think you're finally ready to give yourself."

"Doesn't this mean we're even..? Whatever you say."

"No. Call me master when we're alone."

He flexes a stiff cock and holds her face against his chair's seat. Inserting his finger. Female lubricant comes out.

"You're ready to take me."

He fucks her for a while until she cums. He cums and her head fills up with heat.

"Master. Are you satisfied?"

"No."

He reveals a second stiff cock.

"..."

She looks puzzled.

"I've heard of this."

"Enable your sensations so you can enjoy everywhere I touch."

She makes the adjustments and her whole body feels like a pussy ready to be played with.

--12--

Forced into servitude. Angie tries not to reveal her misdeed. But it's so difficult not to brag about her fuck buddy, the beast of a man, her pussy master. Just thinking about it, she reflexively turns on just to come closer to him.

She turns it off after regaining composure.

They prevent another terror mission.

"Angie, you let some of the demons go, didn't you?"

"There was a dog and submissive human thrall. They didn't seem guilty."

"Aren't all demons guilty?"

Angie felt guilt at the hypocrisy. The words she taught them were thrown back at her.

"Arsa, I need to see you later."

Arsa, you're going to face Gomez, and cum so hard you forget those worthless words.

--13--

"The power from this demon is abnormal."

Angie didn't look surprised.

"Angie. Are we going to make it out?"

"I suppose."

Angie got down to her knees.

"Master you have another slave."

Angie got down and serviced Go. The lip smacks and fine sheen of drool look real to Arsa. "Angie?"

Angie licked the tip of his dicks, and got on to ride him. When his cum spilled from Angie's ass he pulled that one out. It continued to run like a slightly open faucet as though the source of it was unending.

"Have her do it now. That's why you bought her."

Arsa felt heated, angry, upset, betrayed.

Angie looks back. Arsa believes this expression on Angie's face is joy.

How is this Angie so different than the one I knew? She must be being controlled. No, she got on this man without his consent. She was, for that instant, in control.

Arsa felt forced. She got down and cleaned the cum off the exposed cock. Hearing go groan she willfully drained him with her deepthroat, massaging his balls. Her eyes trained on Angie's butt once when he momentarily stopped cumming.

--14--

Angie brought the rest of the fold in.

Go never let them get closer than to meet them in their homes. He repeated the same sexual acts.

They all agreed, Go was the best thing that ever happened in their lives.
 
--15--

Angie and friends went to a human slum and gathered some people up to start a brick-and-mortar game arena. They set up a game center and when customers showed up to play it started making money. They had competitions too.

They allowed demons and hybrids to play against human children. They were equally powered in-game, with only their skill tipping the scales. The kids thought demons were pretty cool.

Eventually, drugs and sex tried to invade. Prostitutes and contraband were removed from the premises. Only gamers.

Someone named 'Dank Slaya' came in and paid for 100 competitors. By the end, it was just him and a euphoric idolizer of his having it out in a video game.

"Damn. Damn, he's too damn fast."

The euphoric pounded on the machine.

"I lost!"

"Babe, if you come with the rest of us we can call it a win. Smack."

The euphoric nodded. About twenty-five women left with Dank Slaya.

"Fools spend money and spread their seed like rock stars after they get a little game. What more could anyone want?"

A group enters. They're wearing uniforms, decals on their clothes. Silly trinkets and chains.

Angie rolls her eyes. She was watching the lower floor from above.

One of them cranes their neck and exaggerates their disgust.

"Damn this place stinks."

"Where's the owner?"

"What a dump!"

They seemed to have an agenda.

Angie sent the stereotypical manager she trained in a suit up to the front. He came back.

"They're looking for petty cash, they're not robbing us but you know how these things go. They're going to damage equipment and smear our image, by the end of the month..."

Angie went down.

"Play a game."

"Like what, you look really... nice. Are you usually in this place?"

She got one of the gang to like her with her looks. He followed her to a console.

"You won..."

The male gang member lost.

"That was weak."

A girl challenger wants to kill Angie.

"Bit... shi-t!"

Trash talking failed, a show of force failed, and telling Angie was fake with small tits failed. Every challenger lost. Angie was practically a robot. She keeps winning with simple moves, and close calls.

"That's it. She must be cheating."

"She doesn't play with style."

The gang left, the men were significantly amused.

Later. Angie went out.

By her car, a familiar group waited.

"Just humans."

Angie got her keys out. Let them make the first move.

Slice. A stabbing weapon moved just past her.

A girl with a bat hit her car. Clank. The bat bounced but the car was ok. It was decidedly aimed for her head.

"Excuse me. Are you trying to fight me with those sluggish moves?"

A guy grabs her ass.

"Hooo holy fuck. I'd do her."

The girl whiffs her bat again barely missing Angie's head.

Angie decides the guys are too horny to make the first move. It's just the girls trying for her, and even if they could land a blow, it wouldn't matter.

"If the girls in your group are in need of discipline I can help."

She begins slapping their asses. Soon their teary eyes are unbearably cute. Three of them are lined up on the car getting spanked.

"Jonnie don't just watch. Help me."

Angie smirks.

"Jonnie, spank your new submissive slut while I handle these two."

Slap.

"No no no no."

"Yes. Yes, baby."

Slap.

The guys undo their pants.

Just three girls acting tough around a dozen horndogs.

Angie left. Her master Go was going to have to spank her. Her fantasy world became stronger in her mind.

She heard a cry from the group of girls getting it on with the men in their lives.

Nobody's around. None of my business.

--16--

Someone from the gang showed up later that week.

"I'll take them." Angie told the manager and went over, "You came back alone, I don't expect any bad blood."

"Could you be my girlfriend?"

Go flashed through her head. This pathetic attempt to get on her good side.

"Look at my customers. They all have way more fun competing and have better sex than your delinquent group last night. Get with the program."

--17--

The gang members started coming in to play games. They never beat Angie.

A little girl came in and beat one of the rougher guys at the basketball toss. She was good at table pool. She had luck in dice.

"How about we go out?"

The short girl went with the tough man.

"You're going to have to show me your dick."

She played with his dick in private and slurped it up.

Angie shows up.

The slutty girl let out an angry voice, "Don't interrupt! I need this!"

"That's enough fun. These are good customers and you can only take what they agree to."

"Go away."

Still stroking the cock, her hair seemed to stand up. Glaring at Angie.

Angie walked over and started slapping the girl around until she hid her face. The guy was amazed by this impromptu catfight.

"Fucking the imp in her ass won't cost anything, but sex in her vagina will be ten years per hour."

"What about. What happened?"

"She tried to hypnotize you. That blowjob was going to ruin your day."

Gulp. That was one enticing notion.

He was encouraged, by seeing her spanking.

"This is quite a fetish you have Angie. Is there some way to make her suitable masturbatory aid for me?"

Said aid, "No! I won't."

After a few minutes of spanking.

"Stop it my ass is going numb. You broke it. What are you? You're not human either?"

"Stick that horny cock in her ass. After just a second."

He had it.

Angie put a collar on the imp.

"This slave collar will make her follow orders. As long as the collar is on she'll only feed off people who tell her to. I hope you'll be a good master.

"Of all the fates. Becoming a slave to be anally fucked over and over.

"You need to be a good girl and stay healthy and pretty. Keep your asshole clean, and avoid other humans."

Imp, "Oh no."

Her asshole was in fact getting filled at this moment.

Angie, "Protect him from harm and stop him from getting into trouble."

The guy, "Sick. I'm going to dress you up each day. This is amazing."

She wasn't fighting anymore and quietly accepted her fate.

"Pretend to a human. I want to see that cute girl from the arcade."

"Pervert."

Angie was no longer spanking her, but the rough guy was really REALLY happy to do it to the little girl that tricked him. So she just gave up with a shocked and drooling 'O' mouth till he came.

"I'm definitely going to suck his soul out through his dick one day."

She continued to purse her lips and give him what he wanted.

"Go wasn't even this vengeful when he fucked me last night."

The girl came back with tattoos, waiting for the gangsters, and beating them at games. But she only stood by that one. Various other girls imitated her putting on a collar, over time it trended. She gained a little weight though.

--18--

Some demons disguised as humans came in a gang. They began treating female customers like meat and arguing. The manager was about to step in but one of the girls took heed instead.

"Come here... Good. Let me explain, a lot of us can see your disguise."

The pig demon was surprised.

"Let's torch the place."

"Hold on. You don't understand. The reason weak demons are allowed here is because there's a truce."

"Truce? I don't know this."

"Let's torch the place."

Patience girl.

"Just look around. It's obvious."

There's something wrong. It's like they wanted a riot. Then the one who spoke looked happy.

"We'll leave and talk it over."

They came back in a few minutes. One broke a machine.

"THE FUCKING THING DOESN'T WORK!"

The gamers started turning from their contest to see where the yelling came from.

"IT'S A RIP-OFF! BROKEN! FUCKING BULLSHIT! SHOW ME THE MAN HERE!"

Others like him did similar things, but a few were stopped by other demons easily before they broke the machinery.

An annoyed demon like a rat spoke up.

"This stuff is expensive. Pigs like you can't afford it in your life."

Someone pulled the alarm. The manager said.

"Everyone remain still, and follow our instructions to the exits."

Except the regular demons disguised as humans, and the pigs stayed behind. A few of Angie's girls stayed.

A pig was afraid.

"This is out of hand. Guys let's go."

They weren't listening. They thought the 'humans' were easy picking now so few remained.

"YOUR SHIT IS BROKEN."

"No. That game's over. You're broken. Why couldn't you be a cute little demon, there are fun ways of disposing of those."

"WHAT?"

"If you were a cute demon we'd make you a mascot. Even if you were a boy. But you're a butt ugly pig with messy skin."

Their disguises came off this moment.

"HOW?"

A cat-like girl came forward.

"The DM of this arena we're in is in control of the illusion. Mmm pshh."

She flashes so only one demon sees it. His erection pre-ejaculates and he moves for her instinctively. She follows up the taunt with a ball-breaking soccer kick, and he faints, the rest of his cum escaping to the floor.

"That's one. Who wants to go next. Each of these pigs needs to fear us before they will leave us alone. Mmm-row."

Inevitably the pigs were beaten into submission. They admitted they were on a terror raid, appearing quite stupid. It was easy to believe their excuse.

Some vampiric demons absorbed their weak corrupt energy just by touching the pigs and they were released. Female demons made a lewd show for the pigs, who weren't given any right to leave before they were done.

--19--

The catgirl encountered a pig demon later in the month. The demon was angry.

"I can't stop thinking of your puss. You step on my crotch, but you also showed your puss."

The cat flicks her tail.

"I don't remember you. There's a much better man waiting for me. If that's all you have to say."

"I saved it for this day."

The cat felt that.

"Is it true? You couldn't do anything?"

She willingly allows the mating act, horny demon wench that she is.

He spread the word, and lower demons came to her with the same excuse, she was known as the infamous cat whore.

--20--

Voices raised over one another. Angie spoke with the other dolls.

"You can't go there. It doesn't matter. Go will be angry with us even if we get out alive. He's not my boyfriend. He's trying to keep us from our goal."

"Just ask."

"You've slept with him. He's your boyfriend."

Angie wants this to stop, "He tried to get me to see things his way. Now I'm going to take what we learned from him, from the gaming parlor. Also we have recruited demons, they should be with us. Humans are not just disposable sex things."

"He's your boyfriend even if I slept with him. He's all our boyfriend."

They stop at a brothel. An unlikely hideout.

It's bad. The plan is bad, there's not enough intel. For the first time, Angie didn't make an easy plan.

Stop the raid, reduce the number of risk-takers. That was all they did until now. And to make things worse the girls were doubting because she didn't ask permission from them.

God.

The first group walks in as scouts. It's full of women, as expected. They ask about the men. One of the girls explain.

"You let them do all the work. Just sit in one of those depressions in the wall until someone fancies your butt. I think there's cleaning right now. No it's fine, just park your butt there."

"Why did they need to clean?"

"Ah, some lust entity, the male side was gunked up. I hear they shut it down and the demons are still swooning. It's like they're drunken."

This doesn't seem like the type of place Angie wanted them to raid, and Angie didn't know. The scouts try to discreetly get out before.

"Oh, are you going somewhere girls? You are new here."

They were looking for an exit but a group of succubi was standing in the way.

"We can tell, you are the best kind of girls. You need to go up immediately, into the holes."

"No, you don't. You want to leave now? That's too bad, our boyfriends got the lust entity's boon, and we're tired from creampie bliss, so yeah, you're getting it."

A huge stiff cock pokes through.

The first woman forced by a succubus, her clothing ripped, her business end fully lubed, gets mounted with a wet squelch. Her twitching anus is brushed against every thrust. There's a feeling of fullness. The warmth spreads, and it grows. Her uterus is being stretched and tickled by the strange mysterious thing. Pleasure surpasses reason, she keeps making impassioned cries until her mouth is covered by one of the succubi in order to speak.

"You're making me jealous. Hurry up and get the rest on so we can go make out with our boyfriends face-to-face."

It is a similar fate for each of the scouts. Their clothes are pretty easy to rip apart, and there's lube on the other side of the wall. Some guys go to town with the lube before even tearing the pants open. Some guys prefer to tongue fuck the raw entrance after ripping the cloth instead.

--21--

Angie.

"Something's gone wrong. Call Gomez, I'm going in blind."

Angie walks in, there is some nice music playing. It is a very classy place. A crowd is gathered near one wall, the crowd chatting it up.

I sense powerful demons. It's time I leave. Shit, the scouts are stealth.

She slips out.

"It's bad. We're losing girls if we can't turn this around."

Gomez arrives.

"So. What is the problem?"

"..."

"I'm disappointed."

Gomez and Angie go in. The scouts are still in the wall, draining from both ends.

The succubi sensed Gomez's strength started making them soft and fuzzy inside.

"Sir. Can we help?"

"I don't know what happened. There was a crowd. I didn't know there were humans there."

Gomez finished helping everyone out and struck the deal, "Now they're out. Angie, you must give payment."

"I will do as my master wills me to."

She was a bit excited.

"Seduce a woman in that club. I'll observe."

She's back in.

She can see women in the restraints getting fucked and stretched out by absurd cock sizes.

Gomez wasn't with her.

"So. You can see and hear me?"

No response.

"You said you'd watch."

She goes to a starry-eyed girl. She can smell the alcohol. The girl seems hypnotized by the sexual discourse in the room surrounded by it.

One of the wall-mounted women starts panting and shouting and it draws everyone's attention. She coughs up sperm, and drools, her stomach expands. All this while she clearly orgasms.

The girl starts touching herself and seems to get up. Angie stops her with her grip.

"Wait. Did you like what you saw? I know a place you'll enjoy the same kind of thing."

Not exactly the intention.

"Call me Misty. Are you, like, possessed?"

"Do you want to be possessed?"

"Yeah. I hear the women here are possessed but I haven't really seen it. There's just these giant dicks."

Well, judging by the women on the walls, the girl knew what was going on.

Angie, "Come with me?"

They're outside.

"Mission accomplished. Right?"

Go sends Angie back in. She finds it's easy to just ask the women to come out and they stand outside the club waiting.

"We're getting tired of standing here. We just want to be with a demon and let it have its way..."

"Or possess." Misty.

Angie felt ashamed of being a woman because of these desperate few.

Go emerges.

"This is how young humans think. Doesn't it disillusion you Angie?"

This does bother her. What's more, is the other women have cast their eyes on Go.

"Oh. Maybe come closer. I can cum if you suck my nipples hard enough."

"Over here handsome."

Angie has the urge to begin spanking these idiots but dotes on Go first. Whispering.

"M... Go, these women are beneath us. Please tell me, did I pass your test?"

"They were already seduced by the atmosphere. As you can see they've no desire to break free."

They were transfixed on Go but seemed to be getting agitated by the darkness. Angie also became aware of the skeevy location she had them rest at.

"Kiss them."

Angie was forced to kiss each woman there. They became more agitated. But with a glance at Go the strange women reciprocated, their eyes rolled towards Go's gaze.

"Hello. Your name is Go?"

"I'm Gomez."

"I sense power from you. Have you been in the male chamber?"

Angie felt angry. Go would not need to be part of that disgusting game they played with the walls.

"Please let's end this now... ma-ster?"

Gomez with an insipid tone, "Submit to the women you thought below us. So I can see you fall." He turned to the others, "If you make her cum, I'll inseminate you. Though, it's not impossible you won't mentally extinguish merely feeling me."

The girls began to tentatively play with her.

They risked their lives either way. For this man... I would kill right now, and I would give pleasure to something grotesque. This woman... she's in my way. That's how they thought.

The girls roughly grabbed at her, using pain and pleasure. They knew not that Angie was more like a robot, she was unphased.

Exhausted, they stopped.

Gomez came over and inserted his first cock into Angie. The rest of the women had to fap wetly at the sight until they all finished. Angie remained prostrate, head on the ground, with a hidden grin of triumph. Gomez pulled out and then put both his cocks in either hole. The women played with each other, not giving up.

A girl spoke, "I can't imagine what this must be like for her. But I want to try. Would one of you touch both spots at once? Oh, that's better. Thank you."

"We're not touching you."

A demon with tendrils came out from the club and wandered this way. It began playing with the extra women, avoiding the powerful hybrid.

They were completely silent once it covered their mouths. It carried them to the back of the club.

Angie finally climaxed and saw the place was empty, she looked back to the object of her desire.

"They left us alone in the end."

Not having missed a thing, Go glanced at the residue of that entity and said nothing.

--22--

Go brought Angie into the club. They had something to eat there.

A succubus came forward.

"I'm the owner, Glitter. It's a pleasure to have you here."

Clearly, she meant Gomez, not Angie. But this wasn't a surprise.

"Thank you. Actually, I think Angie should learn from you."

Surprised. Angie began to protest that this sex club owner would have anything she didn't. Then the owner unraveled her devilish wings, the power of a succubus' charm taking her aback.

"Normally I wouldn't, but for one such as you. Is it me or her first?"

"Be good friends for my sake. You both own businesses. But you're not very good at taking care of customers."

Go left them alone.

Moaning from the wall took Angie's attention, she's only used to electronic beeps and button clicks.

The succubus of a demonoid sex club kept her focus on her new friend, curious about what a human has to offer.

Author notes: The diary is full of second-hand accounts and spelling errors, all deliberate.





Chapter 10: Beautiful Diary: Corruption

Opening the Ivory Journal, no face title, the first page Trista sees reads:

Celes Poker, 1998

The Occult Club Room (this was scratched out and erased)

The Wicked Tight Sheaths (underlined)

The Beautiful Sluts (with Sluts completely blacked out and red)

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Oct 1998 by Celes Poker, Novice Record Keeper.
--

Priscilla is my closest friend, we're both 11. We dressed up for holloween.

We wore masks together to make us look fugly, brimmed black hats, and we bought keychains resembling black cat familiars.

Mandy is older than us and she told us we weren't being serious in the group.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Oct 2000 by Celes Poker, Novice Record Keeper.
--

I found this diary and I asked Mandy what she thought we should be doing about the club.

The club had five members. We dressed in cliche witch garments, wore masks, and went down into a basement.

Mandy had us stand naked facing a wall, and checked us for lice. She said she wanted to test our purity.

I heard a few of the other older girls asking her to stop, but she was very gentle when she touched me. She smoothed out my hair. Then she whispered in my ear, "Pure".

I talked to Priscilla. She said that Mandy tickled her something fierce before she pleaded her to stop. She almost cried telling me, Mandy called her a "sheith".

If she's a sheith, I don't want to be pure. She's always been the nicest person.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Feb 2001 by Celes Poker, Novice Record Keeper.
--

I was over Priscilla's house, and she showed me a dill doe. She put it in her. I couldn't do the same to myself, but I helped her and she told me it was the best she ever felt.

What is it like to be a sheith?

Mandy seemed to know, she'll be promoted to a higher arcane station where it's her duty to help us.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Sep 2004 by Celes Poker, Adept Record Keeper.
--

We discussed calling our club the Wicked Tight Sheaths.

None of us were pure once we practiced, according to Mandy, the Arcane Priestess.

I've been excited about getting boys to notice me, with the group.

A new recruit from our neighboring school district showed up named Insibare. She's always in character. She gave us a picture book about demons with summoning oath lines on each page.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Sep 2004 by Celes Poker, Adept Record Keeper.
--

I've never seen the sisters so excited. Our first occult tome is a picture book, and the words it uses sound so honest.

Mandy told us if we fell for demons we'd be sluts. Let's be sluts.


--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Oct 2004 by Celes Poker, Adept Record Keeper.
--

We decided the name The Beautiful Sluts, was the best name. Men went out of their way to help us when we told them we're sluts, there is amazing power in words.

A woman at the mall gave us makeup lessons, and we're going to wear face paint for Halloween.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Oct 2004 by Celes Poker, Adept Record Keeper.
--

I was such a slut, I got naked in front of boys with the rest of my sluts. Down in the basement.

They asked us for sex.

We told them they couldn't have sex because they weren't demons. They didn't like that and left.


--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Oct 2004 by Celes Poker, Adept Record Keeper.
--

Priscilla is missing. She was with the group. After we went to the basement and got naked in front of boys, we figured out she was missing. When did she leave?

As the first sheath, I thought she went home to masturbate. But she wasn't there.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Sep 2004 by Celes Poker, Adept Record Keeper.
--

Priscilla showed up. Mandy said Priscilla turned herself into a real slut, and started to pick on her.

I demoted Mandy, she left the group. She told me she never wanted to be a slut, and the group was borderline prostitution.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Jan 2005 by Celes Poker, Adept Record Keeper.
--

Insibare spent a long time with Priscilla.

Pris said she felt relieved she didn't do anything wrong. Insibare gave her tinctures, she couldn't tell me any more details. I had to find out on my own this time.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Mar 2008 by Celes Poker, Priestess.
--

Insibare has brought us other books, she says they're tomes, but they look like childish picture books. There was one however, the phrases were difficult to understand, except for Satan. It got everyone who read it excited.

The tome speaks of youth, power, and the devil. I'm no longer young.


--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Jun 2008 by Celes Poker, Priestess.
--

We're truly devilish. We've headhunted very young girls with beautiful mothers. I found others who genuinely believe in the power of their body, willing to stake their lives on it.

We began a ritual of invocation.

The newcomers stand against a wall, and I check them for purity. Not one of them passed.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Jun 2009 by Celes Poker, Priestess.
--

The young are almost at the age of recruitment.

Priscilla seemed concerned that the Beautiful Sluts wasn't accomodating. We were only looking to corrupt the youths. She also didn't seem to fight it.

We discussed initiation and customs. Also many sluts were excited about becoming sacriments. Or rather, sisters, like we discussed. The novices wern't even allowed to hear the true name.


--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Jul 2009 by Celes Poker, Priestess.
--

I volunteered for the first initiation. We weren't even sure what would happen. So many women pressed their lips into my vagina, I don't understand how I felt.

Priscilla keeps looking at me without saying anything.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Jul 2009 by Celes Poker, Ascended Priestess.
--

I volunteered Priscilla's initiation today. She protested that she as already a member, and recognized as a total slut.

Turned out she shaves her pubic hair.

After hours of pleasuring her orally, her tune changed to something delightfully exquisite.

Finally, she admitted she let a man use her that night long ago. She lets men use her often, at random times, when we're not watching.

She climaxed to being fingered repeatedly in her cavern instead of clit. So this is what it meant to be a slut.

We agreed we'd all shave. Naked, shaven, we all represented youth. I decided to leave a small patch, while shaving this morning I felt my smooth anus, it felt very good.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Aug 2009 by Celes Poker, Ascended Priestess.
--

We brought strangers to a hotel offering ourselves. Men and women.

We wanted to ascend to sluts now before we were too old.

We pushed our bodies to the limit. Some girls ended up video taped, although there weren't many of us.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Feb 2012 by Celes Poker, Ascended Priestess.
--

There were eight young women we brought into the Coven of Beautiful Witches.

Each understood their duty was to remain beautiful.  We'd shower them with gifts and praise as long as they were.


--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Feb 2013 by Celes Poker, Ascended Priestess.
--

More twenty-something year olds like me wish to join.

After the initiation, some don't return.

There was one, so well endowed, we fingered her into apopleptic shrieks and accusations of mistreatment. Such a woman couldn't join, sadly I let her leave.

Layla is quiet well endowed. She is by far the most beautiful youth. I want to dress her up.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Oct 2013 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

This Halloween we bought elaborate garments for the girls.

Layla was the most beautiful sorceress. Her outfit was similar to the traditional witch, but with frills and satan. It was quite expensive. After applying makeup, she looked truly enchanting.

Another girl named Samantha was quite taken with animalia. She dressed up like a cat, only cat ears really. She wore a unitard as white fur. I'm a bit jealous of her sanguinated skin. Was she also a bit more... feminine than me at her age? A little lipstick on her, and dab of paint for her nose, the cat-like features were hardly believable.


--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Oct 2013 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

Samantha took the stage, as the only youthful recruit to approach us alone, and proved to us that she felt a man violate her that night. She began bragging, and we told her she had to keep her new power secret.

The man said her costume was cute. It was missing a tail. He has one.

He had her strip to the white unitard, and smitten by her cat suit, he put a tail in her butt carefully, she saw in the mirror. He put his penis close to her body, she intentionally let it in her mouth, he pulled the tail out as he came.

Somehow this all felt good to her. She thought he was actually very kind of the man to do these things.

We each examined her body, and it was still pure. So she wasn't hiding anything. She looked happy being the center of attention. She is so much more than I imagined.

Priscilla didn't come close. But she keeps looking at Sam's face.

If I find that man I don't know what I'll do to him. There are chants in these books, they make me feel strong enough to take on any man, mentally.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Nov 2013 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

I let Samantha read the picture books and we slept at my house for several days.

I look closely at her every day.

Her taught little anus is delectible just to view, so different from mine. It's also been used, unlike mine. She says it felt good to have something put in.

Her nipples are budding.

She had makeup on her face during the event. Her femininity wasn't so prevalent now.

She never tried to coerce me into... pleasuring her.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Dec 2013 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

Priscilla has been spending time with Samantha. We aren't able to talk nearly so often.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Mar 2014 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

Two siblings approached one of the lesser sisters. Both around age sixteen.

They apparently have been exploring eachother to an advanced level, and heard about us.

They required their names to be stricken from memory.

These are the youngest two ever to pass the initiation. They had to be blindfolded the whole time. Two beautiful sluts join the ranks.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded May 2014 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

The youths are blossoming into adults. I was approached by Insibare, urging me to act on this soon.

~I completely agree. My youth fading fast.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded May 2014 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

We decided to begin a roleplay, sort of a tournament, to determine the best experience in the upcoming rituals.

We have so many dirty sluts who want to be violated, but so few capable of performing elaborate speech. There were two who spoke the oaths so crisply, that they were given the role as ritualist cultist.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded May 2014 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

To pass as a sacrifice, the sluts are required to stand in the basement praying for sexual release.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded May 2014 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

We attempt traditional games, with random dice rolls.

This doesn't amount to anything but the girls provoking townspeople and wilderbeasts to a sexual encounter. Whenever asked to increase the realism, I disbanded the gaming session.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Jun 2014 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

Some of our members left to form a fucking copycat cult with men. But instead of rituals, they have sex after throws of dice, and roleplay. Exploring this was a terrible mistake.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Aug 2014 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

Samantha memorized the oaths. She's the best ritualist. She spoke the word Satan, with a way, the value of her mouth exceeding her youth.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Aug 2014 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

Layla was given some material to read. She also is quite good, better than our current ritualists.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Sep 2014 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

We promoted several youths to sheaths. They would be sacrifices soon. So they were better off.

Layla and Sam became novice spell chanters. Their purity intact.

The purest started wearing garments that hide our faces in the basement. That includes me. I'm not sure if I want to be so beautiful a man would violate me with his eyes.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Sep 2014 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

Marblebrew will change soon, for better or worse. We will stand in the basement chanting every night until the summoning succeeds.

Now that we've spent so long preparing, everyone is happy just to be there.

After each ritual, we feast, our bodies grow lean.

The sacrifices train. I hear they can not stand in the basement longer, they have started physical competitions nobody else is present for.

I stare at the backsides of the ritualists whenever they get in practice. The two youths are stunning, one muscular lower back, and the other smooth as silk. The last one more my age, simply there to encourage them. Her butt and lower back getting firmer by the day.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Oct 2014 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

The sluts with purity have started to sweat uncontrollably with pained and enraptured faces. The rituals have been increasing in duration. It's a requirement they remove their undergaments. Their nipples remain constantly erect.

They've kept up their grooming. I examine their mounds and armpits for any body hair. I check their anus and uterus for impurity, they clean those well, or they've remained devout to the ritual.

Touching all these women, I'm starting to get a sense of the variety. I'm tempted to test their erogenous zones more thorougly.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Oct 2014 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

There was a debate about this Halloween.

Our first tome was a demon bestiary. Rather than the usual Devil summoning ritual, we could attempt a lesser demon.

The chast women were eager to sacrifice themselves all at once. They would have to settle for even less.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Oct 2014 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

Costumes. It's a special time of year we can dress boldly in public. We can go to a party.

Samantha dressed as a bunny following her animalia motif. She designed her lips, reshaping them. She showed off her midsection. Her belly button looked very clean. She told everyone, "no gag reflex".

Layla chose the sorceress outfit I made for her, but she made some changes. A belt accented her chest, two belts around her hips, the inside of her mouth was black because of some food coloring she quaffed repeatedly.

As if asked, Samantha showed me the inside of her mouth was lighter than the lipstick she wore.

I dressed in skeltal body paint which hid my face features, and wore a skirt, and a long sleeve shirt. The paint took nearly an hour. I didn't feel sexual, but the other sluts said I looked really attractive.

Priscilla wanted to be around Samantha, I feel like we've grown apart.

Priscilla chose to work the basement for an afterparty ritual.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Oct 2014 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

I was guided into stocks in the basement by several sluts.

Priscilla whispered into my ear that they would summon a death eater who'd favor my corpse-like appearance.

Each girl had a different voice in her ear.

I heard oni, I heard clothes rip, ghoul, slut eater, reaper, wails of fright from some of the girls in stocks. Slave driver, dead boyfriend, pussy torture. I heard more names than there were stockades. Incubus, no they can't... Wraith... The two sisters were praying for a dick demon in plain view, that's not even one I've heard of.

I wasn't allowed to see anything, I was blindfolded before the ceremony and chant began.

Something scraped at my vulva. I imagine the paint down there wouldn't fool anyone, but how could I know.

There were different snaps, like a whip crack, a sparking cigarette lighter, a pop.

I felt my sensitive parts get massaged, explored, a finger was inserted, then moisture. A hard bony hand squeezed my butt, and something prickly ran across my exposed skin there, and then from my neck to my face.

A brief conversation, in whispers, close to my ear, "To be freed from pain." Priscilla spoke to the death eater?

Something held my face. There was pained breathing. I felt a dry kiss between cheek and lips. Then something smooth ran along my face to my clothes, slowly unbuttoning, sliding aside fabric I felt.

Pretty soon the close breathing was harder. I was stimulated continuously, on the vulva, and my anus, for some time, I started to wonder if it would get better. A deep unintelligible chant was ongoing. Supposedly each demon had its own ritual.

There was more popping, slapping, and crackling, the sounds made my body twitch, and tickled my ears.

I was penetrated vaginally until the now sing-song chant ended.

I think I heard Samantha's unique voice vocalise pleasure during her chanting. Someone kissed me on the mouth repeatedly, the breath was sweet like blueberry jelly.

Afterwards, many girls had their costumes torn. Some refused to speak to me. This is the first time I was made to sacrifice.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Nov 2014 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

All I remember from the party now is watching Priscilla and Samantha play with their phones. The crowd was like shadows.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Jan 2015 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

Some of the sluts complain about the cold basement so we stand outside for three weeks.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Feb 2015 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

Many girls are far too thin. Why aren't they eating?

I start recommending fattening desserts, but they sweat so much during the rituals, they remain lean.

Layla has become particularly lithe, despite her generous endowments. Her hips are pronounced even more with the fat leaving her sides, her glutes are carved, so her anus is in view now, I can see even more of the amazing features while I'm not touching her.

Sam. I wonder what she's been doing. Her anus features are gradually becoming so erotic. Do skinny women develop like this?

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Mar 2015 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

I spoke with the siblings about talismans, tinctures, and inscribed elements like sacrificial altars.


--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Apr 2015 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

There's a floor panel we brought in, inscribed. It was called a blood altar. To make the ritual work, we may have to give up a life.

Each night after the ritual we have a different slut lie on it with nothing but a hard pillow and animal skin blanket.

We begin telling stories of the ravages of faith and sacrifice. The ravages of sex and beauty.

Our master summoned with the ritual should partake our flesh like a garden in full bloom, we are not the wild beasts. We are the fruit of the garden.


--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Apr 2015 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

A plaque is hung on the door with runes. Nobody knows who put it there. What is it for?

The siblings have devised tinctures. We are to drink them by the end of each ceremony.

The sacrifices begin adorning ornaments. They seem to be in higher spirits. I hear some faintly orgasm during the Devil summoning. I looked closely, their hands are at their sides. Are they enraptured now, or is it something else?


--
Journal Entry.

Recorded May 2015 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

I woke up one of the sacrifices who slept on the inscribed floor. She was too tired to get up. She refused to move and begged me to finger her to climax.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded May 2015 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

Another sacrifice refused to move from the floor. Left alone she slept on it all day, a pool of girlcum leaking onto the engraving.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded May 2015 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

The refusal to move from the sacrificial floor has forced me to drag sluts off it. Surprisingly, they refuse to masturbate. Is the ritual doing this?

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded May 2015 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

Magic is real in this world.

The ritual worked.

The Devil touched my shoulder briefly as he looked us all over, then he spoke.

"All who join me are bound by fate. Carry my power within you, and you are one with me."

He took to a plain wooden chair, and remains in it.

He chose two. But barely touched them.

We always dreamed he would be vicious, ruthless, abusive, and ravage us. He didn't eat, he didn't drink, he partook nothing of the flesh and yet he presents as a humanoid male. His penis is a foot long, always erect ever since he looked at us.

Magic is real in this world.

The Devil has granted us our pact, and with our desires we'll bear any disgrace, we'll become fruitful on the vine for him, we'll even die there if he deems us unworthy.

The first one who he chose is Samantha. She became alive, she moves like the gentlest breeze, she became strong, able to lift her body with her toes with no effort.

The second chosen is Layla. Her sheepish behavior was admirable. Did He lust for her in that moment? I can hope.


--
Journal Entry.

Recorded May 2015 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.
--

There's some kind of hundred dick blue dragon.

Layla and cohort got stretched out by giant dogs.

Priscilla looks pregnant.

Layla talks about puppies because she's sure she got pregnant too.

My best girl Samantha used me, and between her and the demon I was no match.

I was given a gift by The Devil. My wishes have been fulfilled, I want everything in this wonderful new world we're in to become one with me now.

--
Journal Entry.

Recorded Aug 2015 by Tristasuperbia, Matriarch
--

Layla went missing. I was given this diary by Celes to answer my questions.

