Chapter 1: Summon

--1--
Two rows of women encircle a central point. The back row wears blackened robes. They hold tinctures. Under the robes, they are pale skinned, naked, shaven but the hair on their head, clean, well groomed. The row in front has no such garment, their skin covered with ornaments, makeup, and body glitter. Earrings, lipstick, bracelets, collars, and necklaces all meant to increase their worth.  Their hair has been styled, some have extensions added. Their bodies are toned, well-formed, glistening in sweat. Their wrists are bound.

Two sisters of the same blood stand in the back silent, with eyes drawn slightly shut, anticipating. They keep glancing to see if the other one has moved, the hood of the robes obstructing their view.

Three in front kneel on hands and knees in prayer. Their dress resembles the inner circle.

One chants a practiced oath. One word repeats.

"Satan."

The room is closed, with no window, no open doors.  Talismans hang along the walls. Windows are further enclosed by banners with metal trinkets. Symbols are drawn across the floor. Raised wooden planks are tabled with meat and bread like a buffet.

A single podium stands offset from the center of the room. On it, a thick book with black and ivory covers is held. Its cover is a work of art. A single robed figure stands near it.

There is no doubt that everyone here approves. The naked women occasionally falter and offer a glint of joy. Their audible inhalation repeatedly breaks the silence between words of prayer.

A crease forms mid-air, like it was drawn in an ink, and then expands wide about the size of the door to the room.

A naked man stood at the entrance.

--2--

When you're surrounded by beauty, three frightened nude women are prostrate before you, and you are a fully formed, virile male. This is also your first memory. What can you expect?

That is what happens to me in the first few seconds of my very existence.

I felt my foot hit a solid object. It was kind of like I'd lost momentum.

There are fragile alive things here. I knew it with my senses, everything that entered this realm, this room, was bound by ritual.

I see the crowd of what looked like prisoners. The restraints were the tell. They were also bound with trinkets that I couldn't identify. My eyes fell down until I saw their knees. Three heart-shaped posteriors came into view, where my eyes lingered.

"Behold," I thought out loud, "sensuality, beauty, it is a dream." The muscles of my mouth and jaw told me to stop.

The females have a mix of emotions, I can't really grasp. Everything is so silent, except their breathing.

They had a chance to better me. Yet they stand agape in disbelief. They have completely flaunted a binding ritual, and they'd rather be glamoured and bound. These women are whores. They are wearing so many pointless trinkets. I'm so exhausted, I need to sit down.

One of the cloaked women reveals three arms stretched upward and flung a vial of some fluid. It broke on the ground with a sweet scent. My waning power grew slightly. None of the women seemed to notice.

There are about six women who looked at me so far, they are all transfixed.

I'll put them at ease.

"Ladies." I was becoming tired very quickly from articulating a single word. "Trust me." My hasty words make them squirm something fierce.

"Because..." because what? I am nude. I flex and immediately understand that my penis is erect. Awe, not fear, is in their eyes.

"I command you." My little army of sluts. I keep my mouth shut at that thought.

This seemed to work. I could sense a hysteria rising, this all took a couple of seconds.

"Quickly, on your knees, all of you. We devote our trust to Him." Said the woman in robes farthest to my right. There was an odd podium there. She rasps out in a much quieter voice, "We desire to become one, we devote our entire lives."

"Wh... what's going to happen to us?" Still breathing hard, this was one of the girls in front with whorish makeup, bound by string like meat.

"Don't speak. Your duty." The first woman chokes out the last few words in a higher tone, "...all of us."

I think I understand. They are like gifts. For a moment I thought nudity was the norm. There are more women, but I can only see their tits, each holding something.

My power's fading. They don't know anything.

I have a plan.

"Who's first?"


--3--

Celes watched.

He chose two of the ritualists, who were meant to remain prostrate after their duty ended. One has thin grace and swelling genitalia, her absolutely lewd display facing away from Him. Why did he pick her? She was easily the most delectable target without bondage, undeniable. Celes bit her lip in envy.

She'll enjoy every moment, but without proper training, he'll grow bored and discard her. Then I can have it all.

The other woman is voluptuous and her body tightly presses together like she wants to make herself look small. Her shoulders are raised up tensely making her look even narrower at the height of her figure. Her breasts are well-formed D-cups and spread beyond her armpits, the nipples are a bit darker red. Her hips flare out right below the waist, her bottom looks considerably fit despite her soft curves. Her chest has visible ribs. Her butt is seamlessly full, and perky. She has legs to match these features, and her calves seem to thicken nicely above her ankles gently swelling up to the pit of her knee.

A perfect pair, perfect shape. If my body was so perfect, I'd wish for it to be destroyed each day by brutes and young men. I shouldn't have let her become an oath bearer, now she may very well take my place. My heart quickens.

"Tell me your names." The Devil spoke. And both girls gently leaned on him after he coaxed them up to each side.

"Layla," the voluptuous girl hesitates for a moment, "Flannery." They only went by first names here.

Layla continued to move her arms and legs. Hiding what the other began to reveal.

The other opened her arms, stuck out her chest, and tried lifting her leg to offer her inner thigh. Her moistened lips pout for our pleasure to behold.

"Samantha Flocker." If her butt cheeks blushed it wasn't Celes' imagination. Her pouty lips salivated and began to run down her cheek. A wild-eyed smirk possessed her face. Off character.

"Beautiful." Exclaimed Celes Poker. Eager to approve.

The Devil must grope my naked body too. Samantha can't handle Him, as her first.

A sister, a mere novice of little consequence to Celes, one wearing robes, spoke up.

"Look! Look at Samantha! She just changed."

Samantha looked like she glowed then. She is small, the image of frailty, lithe. Her hair is brown, her eyes are as well, her skin is white, her sanguine features elude further depiction, but her lips.

She had energy now, a lot of energy. She was beaming from her forehead to her toes. Her tits flared out, cherry pink. The bone of her pelvis seemed to invite your eyes down as her posture shifted, exuding confidence like there's something you should be searching for past the belly button, something incredibly scantily titillating.

Celes forced herself to stop.

She continues to smile and opens her arms, then raises them above. She spins, total control of her balance, her bare feet unimpeded by the inscribed floor.

Celes bit her lip. She had a strange thought, this girl surpassed her in an instant. Somehow she took pride in acknowledging it.

"Layla too! Look!"

Their lord visibly hesitated to let Layla go just then.

--4--

Journal Entry.

Recorded May 2015 by Celes Poker, High Priestess.

Magic is real in this world.

The ritual worked.

The Devil touched my shoulder briefly as he looked us all over, then he spoke.

"All who join me are bound by fate. Carry my power within you, and you are one with me."

He took to a plain wooden chair, and remains in it.

He chose two. But barely touched them.

We always dreamed he would be vicious, ruthless, abusive, and ravage us. He didn't eat, he didn't drink, he partook nothing of the flesh and yet he presents as a humanoid male. His penis is a foot long, always erect ever since he looked at us.

The Devil has granted us our pact, and with our desires we'll bear any disgrace, we'll become fruitful on the vine for him, we'll even die there if he deems us unworthy.

The first one who he chose is Samantha. She became alive, she moves like the gentlest breeze, she became strong, able to lift her body with her toes with no effort.

The second chosen is Layla. Her sheepish behavior was admirable. Did He lust for her in that moment? I can hope.
