Chapter 3: A Small Brat has so Many Fucks to Give

--1--

Samantha Flocker felt like her dreams came true once. The Devil was beside her then. She wanted to dance for him immediately. Now she is after school in the gym, her connection to Layla called her here at this moment to divert attention. The rest of the day was a blur, barely weighing a feather, forgotten forever.

Layla walked into the closet and Mike soon after pulled at his pants to sort them out and walked in too. Samantha waited for this, and began her first acrobatic practice.

There are several boys who hold her. She is wearing an intoxicatingly sweet aroma and she felt light and soft like a pillow.

She pushes various female contenders. She slam dances barely using an ounce of force, it is like playing with kittens. Soon is was the only girl being held up by men who surrounded her.

--2--

There's some commotion after several minutes of her dance. It was not only careless, she has her wet crotch on display and her skin's glossy from oil.

The other girls jealously tie her up. They strip her boring gym shorts, toying with her. Her genitals demand attention, the pleasure, a sensation she can't fight. She pants with her tongue out, a high-pitched noise coming out each time she breathes. She moans from their fondling.

They bind her wrists with shoelaces. Warming-up jump ropes bind her arms and legs backwards. She's barely able to tell where the sensations are coming from. Her tight pink shirt has two severe protrusions and the fabric keeps rubbing. 

The girls all take turns rubbing her cunt, trying to pinch her clit, pinching her nipples. She arches her back as her muscle tension shifts, her lower back curves, sticking out her ass more, revealing her hips are far more feminine than her narrow body would suggest.

The onlooking men drip precum. They lower their pants and take turns shooting jizz on her face and exposed back. One comes close to her mouth almost getting inside, but he cums a generous amount all over her mouth, nose, eyes, forehead, and neck. A few others barely get close to her ass before letting loose, caking her privates in several layers.

The other girls help the object of obsession down from the bondage to her knees, onto the sodden floor. They tongue fuck her all over like deep passionate kisses. Men still continue to try advancing, and failing, turning their cumshot onto one of the female's gym uniforms.

Finally, they help her out of her shirt and bend her backward on a bench. Moist skin. She looks like she took a bath in oil. The tension from her clit to her stomach somehow understands the angle, her inexperience refuses it so she keeps flexing raising her legs. When a phallus goes in her mouth she pressed her lips out squealing indignantly and becoming stifled.

She doesn't know why. How many times did she climax? 

A load of unexpected cum coats her mouth and then with a grunt the invader burrows down her throat. She tries to swallow, curling her tongue out and around, then he pulls out quickly. Some of the cum escapes before she can hold it in.

There is a shuffle, and commotion, a hot steely object boiling the lips of her cunt with an obscene suctioning noise. This time she flexes every muscle in reaction and pulls her head up to see a muscular man. He restrained himself for this final moment. His enrapt gaze on her midsection.

The boiling cock thrusts repeatedly. After a brief moment of intensity, the cum she swallowed comes out. Her body turns red and pop sounds as the pillow she imagined deflates, and steam rises around it.

There's a crushing sensation, the fire within that pistoning rod stokes, and it is forced deep into her womb and her belly palpitates. Her voice comes out, she tries to breathe and each palpitation escapes a shriek.

"You're the freakiest little fuck I've ever laid eyes on."

That's all the lucky jock gets out before he's altered.

Samantha touches his mind and sees white-hot nipples, her reddened skin. The way he felt. She hears the sound of her cries in his memory. She sees herself fuck him with her legs raised, each flex of her stomach was a hard smack against his hips and his balls.

One thing though, he can't forget.

--3--

The girls in the club converse after they heard her shrieking.

"Is she from the team?"

"She was not in her right mind."

"I came in late. What's happening?"

The girls then went silent and help Samantha get dressed. The guy who delivered the coup de grace now despondent.

"Wait. Don't mind me. I'm fine."

The girl stands up straight, her pelvic thrust showing defiance. White spooge escapes her as she struck the pose. Her deadpan face.

"I can finish off the rest of the men if they'll follow me to the locker room."

Goal accomplished. She left with several men, the people there began to wander, returning to their practice, forgetful of the crisis. All but one jock who pitifully sat by himself.

Priscilla, an actual member of the gym team and the coven, felt like she had to relieve her tension badly. Sam took over the locker room immediately. She eyed the jock who felt that horrid orgasm lustfully.

He's... not right. She shakes her head.

"That girl's insatiable. Good job you fucking slut."

--4--

In a bathroom stall, men are going in and out. Samantha's taking each one, carefully catering to their sexual preferences. She even offers them love and safety, so they can relax. She takes some of their experience with her into her mind.

A few men are not accepted.

"I can't use someone like you."

Some men are far too shy.

"Have you felt a cowgirl riding on top? What do you mean you've never been with a girl?"