Chapter 5: Invasion

--1--

Celes goes to the super mall, hiding her assets. She discovers a vanilla skin-colored exotic with nice voluptuous curves. She has a very nice cup size.

"I'm Celes. Would you like to shop together?"

"I'm Cindy."

Celes observes her body in various clothes as they try swimsuits and lingerie. Cindy is very fit, unlike the sluts she's spent the past year with.

Celes settles on a mini skirt and choker with a heart ornament. Her top assets are well visible.

Cindy picks up a red bustier with devil horns and jokingly prods Celes. Her smile brightens up her face during this playful contact.

"Careful girl. You're not the poker in this relation."

"Haha. What...? What are you saying? I'm The Devil."

Celes wonders what she'll do to this lamb in a devil suit. She definitely will do something to her.

--2--

Celes took a liking to both outfits and they paid. She suggested wearing their lingerie with some clothing over it.

On the elevator ride to the ground floor, the girl Cindy met shoved her tongue in, mouth to mouth, and held the back of her head roughly. Her fingers were tight in her hair. Cindy is fighting to breathe while she goes at it.

Cindy walked to her car, feeling the sheer lingerie, her pussy wet, and fear of the mysterious girl with a tongue like that. She felt the tongue go deeper than she ever imagined. She swallowed while the tongue was in to avoid choking on saliva. She could feel it moving. The woman slowly moved away and the drool slid off her incredible tongue as she let it retract, smiling eyes on Cindy.

After a half-hour of driving, she parked the car and considered her luck. Her model career is about to hit new highs if she talks about such an aggressive meeting in lingerie. She begins to fantasize and opens her car door for fresh air.

A figure swoops down and holds open the door. It begins to unbutton its clothes. A heart choker reflects in the moonlight above, two amazing assets forming a cavern beneath.

"I must really be dreaming. You're not real."

She unveils her ample bosom, a cheap bra. There is something dark behind her, wings. She has lit features, like LED lights. The rings of her irises for one. Her sweat. Small pictures? Tattoos? Runes? light up on her skin, and fade like she's adorned a small arcade machine.

Cindy is taken by the waist from her seat. Their faces are close.

Cindy leans back and finds she's being held up off the seat anyways.

"How are you doing this?"

A pressure is against her clit. The woman is pressing their pubic bones together through the lingerie. It's enough to make Cindy lose herself, her strength escapes, and she starts to shout each time she breathes out.

"I'm coming."

"You don't have to talk. Just breathe and I'll do the rest."

The figure of a woman then removes her bra, and the ridiculous plastic surgery she must have gone through, to this effect. Cindy slapped one tit and felt nothing fake about it. It bounced away, more of those LED's lighting, and it returned back in place. Her hand rested on a glowing red nub, for just a second her arm tingled.

I'm not a lesbian. I'm a model. I'm not loving this. Why'd I stop the car? Her gaze dropped then because the kiss made her wet, so she wasn't there just to rest.

--3--

Celes thoroughly enjoys Cindy's beauty, strips her clothes off so the sheer devil was exposed. She pulls the bodice enough to free her breasts, they might be C cups. She turns her and presses her against the car door window. Then she undoes the bodice completely allowing her stomach to touch the air.

She moves the red thong to the side. Cindy's vulva is like an oily sliver. Her anus is a hot dart. Spreading her ass cheeks wider, her anus plateaus, stretching slightly for the viewer's pleasure.

It's just as taught and youthful as Samantha's like this. A body meant to seduce men.

Celes becomes erect in her new demonic body. Her sense of Cindy's arousal fills her. She wills a nubbed cock into existence and finds purchase. To her excitement when she looks down, the tip went straight inside the oily slit, the shape of her rear making it the least resistant path, there was no resistance on the inside either.

"Well used. Maybe you are a devil. Let me see how you handle this."

Both their breasts bounce for several minutes. Each rough thrust of nubbed cock in Cindy stoking her to reciprocate and push back. Cindy can't help move and let out a noise. The plastic devil's back arches and lets out another rasping orgasm.

"Stop. This position is disgusting." This makes Celes laugh and her laugh only causes the thrusts to suddenly move with accidental numbing speed, "I don't want to cum anymore."

She can tell the other girl is lying. To Celes' delight, her new devil is feisty, orgasmic, and a slut. Her ability to fuck women is intoxicating.

"We're going to have fun until you run out of energy."

She thinks of how strong Samantha has become, and fingers Cindy's butt gently feeling the plateau of skin. Her tongue lolls, easily falling onto Cindy's naked back, and swishing around a coat of saliva. It creeps down to her anus and coats it with saliva. Her tongue lingers, prodding the entrance.

The recoil of emotion disapproves. Just for looks then. She deliberately drooled all over Cindy's anus. She felt the uterus around her first equipped phallus tighten, and Cindy moved on her own. She laps it back up and repeats it until Cindy only responded to her thrust.

--4--

A dating site is popular these days.

There is a post.

"18 yo seeking orgy"

Eventually, someone took the bait.

Trista waits outside a stripper cafe. The owner suggested she go in the back but she's waiting for a group every bit a liar as her.

"I am not a prostitute or with the police. I'm here to meet with friends."

They show up. Two neatly dressed men, much taller than her. She must be four-seven now, almost her sister's height.

In the cafe, she lets off an air of inexperience. She gets drunk. She acts way too young. They're very concerned and want to get her home safely.

She goes down on one guy and swallows everything, he can't hold back. Everyone had to hear that noise he made. He must have been very attracted to her before that, now his face shows solemn respect.

They make their way to a solo room. Trista repeatedly flashes the two men because she doesn't know how to dance. They must have thought she looked so good, they remained seated without a word.

After the song ends a man comes into the room and introduces himself to her.

"Hi I'm Jose I think you could be a real hit in the club. Come with me and I'll get you dressed as today's A-rated dancer."

She follows him. She's shown several outfits with options. She points.

Jose raises his eyebrows and sort of tilts his head.

"Hey, it's your thing you know?"

She starts to undress.

"So young. I need some I.D."

"I've got I.D. right here."

She rubs his dick through his pants to fluff him until he nods.

"Please. I have a woman."

"I'm the matron of wolves, forget that woman tonight, and cum every last drop while you help me put on this outfit."

He vigorously nods.

"Is this a belt? Is this a bag of condoms? Let me try putting one on. What? You of course. Do it. Good boy. Now stare at me, and cum when you see something you like."

He liked her putting on the legging. He liked her smiling at him. He liked when she removed her bra. He liked when she stretched the costume over her D cups. He liked when the only skin visible was her shoulders, moments before she covered them.

She put on the helmet and a belt.

"Can I get something to put in these holes?"

He liked her question. He liked seeing her go from dresser to dresser pilfering kinky paraphernalia and shoving it in a bag. He liked what he saw her putting in the belt.

"You have a tell whenever you cum. Watch me on stage and go take a nap. Here, put on a new condom first."

She took off the helmet after he put it on. And he liked that, he liked her sticking out her tongue immediately too. She got closer like she would take him then, and he liked it.

--5--

Next dance a female in latex cloth dressed like a robot exits. She's wearing a helmet so her face is hidden.

The audience thinks this is the best ever.

She begins by opening holes that were covering her. She plugs her holes with dildos from her belt. She fits three in her vagina, and two in her butt. She turns on a turbine dildo and gets the stage wet. Dollars rain down on her. The audience can't stop groping their bulges.

The robot begins stripping the latex off from a face-down position and situates her wet bottom at the edge of the stage allowing all dildos to slip out to the floor.

"Isn't this illegal? How does she easily fit so many dildos bigger than my penis?"

Trista removes her headgear, looks back, and the audience sees a youthful face at the opposite end of a gang of erect thugs. They shut up and start taking turns asking her for a private dance.

"That's the solo dancer. I wanted to put things in her there, but I couldn't move. I couldn't get her out of my mind since."

Trista quietly says to herself, "Round 2."

Trista gets them seated and does give them each a private lap dance, fully exposed. Mouth to mouth, tongue and mouth open while her breasts and genitals contact their hands. She always stops after they nut themselves. Some unzip their pants, and they still shoot into their underwear immediately when she blows 'it' a kiss.

One thug doesn't accept the dance etiquette and holds her wrist as she turns, taking her over the edge of the stage again. He could barely contain his excitement and spilled all of it in the open air. He couldn't take control before a new dancer came out and shouts for security.

Jose gets on his smartphone, "Sweetie we need to spice up our sex life."

Trista, "I'll be back for round 3."

Trista is taken away securely with care. The large bouncers look like lost puppies once they're alone.

"I might need you again, so can I have something that'll help me fit in, this costume doesn't quite do it."

She is given a club outfit.

"That girl." The man in charge kisses his five fingers and then taps his lips.

Trista walks out and pretends to be a waitress who forgot to bring the menu.

"A titjob."

"Is that a drink?"

She holds up her tits and smiles at the male customer.

"No, let me show you."

Trista makes her way around the cafe in the club playing with customers. She sizes up each male customer, their dates, and makes them do whatever she wants.

"This is great. If they are big enough I can make them cum just by swallowing repeatedly. If I use my tongue too much they can't seem to relax."

Trista looks at a surprised woman. It's no wonder, she just sat down in her boyfriend's lap, and let him stare at her butthole until he came.

"My older sister is better looking than me. Do you have a sister?" She casually tries to start a conversation.

--6--

Celes is on the prowl.

There's a dark-skinned Asian at a clothing rack.

"Hello, may I help?"

Celes helps her 'customer' find a leather garments section.

She goes to the dressing room and fits the beauty with a corset squeezing her thin waist. She's bound with leather belts.

She fingers her clit while very gradually kissing her on the lips. She extends her tongue a little bit more each kiss until it's down to her neck. She achieves orgasm.

Celes' fingers dance along the curls of pubic hair, then shaves it off magically. She fingers the now smooth clit with a grin. She'll take this one just like Cindy.

Her cock is more human this time, with just a little bit of rib, and she fucks the delectable flesh in front of her passionately until she felt its will give in. She keeps going for a little while longer to bring the flesh to orgasm.

She transforms and tendrils snake down her hands and enters the woman's body, probing her. They finish by releasing vile ooze and slide back out.

"Acceptable. You can come with me."

--7--

A man is walking with his wife Vuella. They stop at a bench and nap. When he wakes up she's missing.

In the woods Vuella is undressed, bound, and gagged. She's thin with a generous swell of tits.

Her mouth is violated and cum issues from it.

"My boyfriend's never..."

Her asshole is stretched and she forgets her boyfriend's face, he really never did the things she liked.

"Please don't stop."

--8--

Celes makes it back to the HQ and waits. Three other robed figures arrive.

"It's about time. Did you have to drive here? Oh right."

Three exotic beauties she's groomed. All expecting her demonic seed. Their eyes relax due to her aura.

She never got their names, three mutts, three sluts, perfectly fit for indoctrination in the coven.

They are bound to a stockade by her hands.

For each, a demon emerges.

"I will serve, but first, a sacrifice."

Celes releases the livestock from her glamor until the ritual ends.

"Why?"

"To be fucked like the well-bred dogs you are."

--9--

Ruby remembered having sex with her boss like this for money. Now she is completely blindsided.

"How... how incredible."

Celes comes to her, fondling her dark tits.

"I never got a good look at your face. Now I see you're worth another go."

She followed this up by teasing her face. Ruby accepts her master's cock. Her throat is violated within view of three others.

Celes gains more energy and with confidence, she tries to beguile The Devil.

--10--

The Devil saw it and smiled. He now sits on a chair with powerful inscribed carvings, situated on the inscribed floor.

The head convert brought sacrifices and made quite a show. Her dazzling rune-enchanted skin gives her morphogenic cognises. New women. I could get used to this.

I think I remember my true name now. I'll keep going by 'Satan' or whatever foolish nonsense they speak about. I recollect treasures I sent here from the other realm, like the plaque on the door.

"Yes. I couldn't have a better servant. I will summon creatures who care naught what kind of offering they're given."

They're stockaded, obedient.

More dogs, or weredogs. When the entire coven was here I could reach through the ether to powerful beings.

One of the three dogs appears to have a cock diseased by something parasitic. Its flesh is writhing, and something flits out its mouth. The other two have multiple dicks.

One by one the glamor is removed causing the sacrifices to stir in fright while bound.

I cast mindsight on the room to see their behinds. The demons are fitting into them now.

Vuella's genitals pucker and stretch wide for a drooling, powerful tongue probing them. I can feel her breasts, her nipples are hardening.

I stand up with an erect cock and walk over to do it personally. Her nipples are blood red, so I pinch them, her lips part for the next big thing.

Cindy wails as a black demon begins mounting her. There are several objects passing for phallic that slowly attempt to penetrate her. But more importantly, it attempts to wrap around her and the stockade gets in the way of it enveloping her head.

I allow Vuella to lick on me like a lollipop. Her crimson and detailed lips coat with saliva and she starts drooling. I pull away, perhaps the power entering her is too great. Her eyes look up to meet mine and she blinks enrapt.

A horned dog, slower witted and quick to temper, mounts Ruby. Her black skin beads sweat, I sense her fear. If I calm her down, would that spoil the arousal she clearly has?

Celes forms a dick, unyielding, bumpy, like a rubber handle. Ruby struggles. Soon the demon slides its gnarled members in and Celes follows up with filling Ruby's mouth, her throat flexing in anticipation.

The first mentioned demon stops pleasuring Vuella orally. His cocks are thick and her moistened folds take him easily. She still jumps and shakes from the first thrust, but only gets more excited from the pleasure as time goes on. I get a good look at her expressive face.

Cindy has a beautiful coat of thick fluid glazing her sides. Some kind of drool from the demon's mouth covers her head. It's extending a tendril to her mouth now. What's that hair ornament?

Eventually, they all fell in line.

Ruby has been worn out. The pleasure of two different demons enchanting her. She is breathing raggedly but doesn't look too bad.

The black demon retracts its tendril from Cindy's mouth. It dismounts slowly. The lingerie must have torn away as the vile creature writhed against her out of view. It starts trotting away and its stuff along with tendrils exit her orifices. She's left with a white glaze sloughing off her distended belly.

Vuella is looking toward me.

"Coo."

The girl's going through immeasurable ecstasy just by watching me watch her.

"They all did very well to endure it."

After dismounting each dog vanishes after granting me power.

Celes flits over to me eagerly allowing her cock to vanish. She doesn't dress up, attempting to allow her runes brilliant flare to entice me on the way over. She did a wonderful job on Ruby I might suggest she spend a day alone with all three girls somewhere nice, where I wouldn't be in her way.

--11--

"I have a plan, my lord."

Celes talks about taking over the town. Demonic uprising.

We'd finalize this at the meeting.

She plays with Vuella until the meeting begins. The power she absorbed from me moving to jealous Celes.

The hydra helps.

--12--

The other women come.

Some brought additional women. They wore rather casual garments. For some reason, familiarity made The Devil very happy.

Trista has a pocketbook filled with cards. She has a bag.

"All of them under control, and in my command."

Trista smells like she's taken the cum of every man she encountered from here to the entertainment district.

"You set a good example. I hope Layla can as well."

Layla's not in yet.

We go over the plan and new individuals are entranced by The Devil one by one.

For the women.

"I have a place for you to sit."

Literally. Several seconds of straddling his body was enough to dim their senses and twist morality to his cause.

For the men, a sense of duty was granted.

"The women will need your strength."

They stood up straight and stuck out their chest with masculine pride.

Twisting the truth a bit. Celes could devour their soul and their zombie minds act in our favor. But that was not the plan.

Layla didn't show up.

--13--

The plan is such.

The town. The neighboring cities.

Build catacombs.

The demons' refuge lies in this city and its catacombs.

Half-demons are to be bred.

Celes didn't have to write this down. But she silently believed she was worth for the title The Devils First Consort.

--14--

History unfolds and is recorded in Marblebrew city hall.

By May 2015, a vast territory becomes well known for its merit.

These merits are as remarkable as they are horrifying.

Entertainment as well as abuse, and recruitment. An entire structure without democracy or capitalism was formed around power of sexuality.

Rogue demons take human slaves of their own. A desire to subjugate and mingle with the weak humans. It is no different from how they did things in their world.