Despite a seemingly human appearance the "alien" we seek is actually related closer to an amoeba.
-
Why would we think that? Don't they live similar to human lives?
-
Well the reseach into xenobiology has revealed they absorb nutrition their mouths are quite disturbing hence...

skip
The lecture was as usual. A propagandistic and unscruitably narcissitic parody of science. Every effort poured into it made humans averse to alien life acceptance.

intro
Relina Caring was about to go on a hostile mission. That's just a way of saying they were to go into business on a planet with aliens, and needed to be ready to kill.

Relina was less in that fantasy and more in her own. Fantasy world, that is. She read romance novels which exhibit docile women taken and sacked by brutish and handsome men alike.  From all the alien races she found the "lipidish" L known to exhibit brute force her ideal thrill. Traveling to work at tovo colony was just her excuse for her true intention. 


at colony
As soon as they arrived they witnessed an L creature. It was young and possibly male, ML, taken prisoner, they sealed off a ward with industrial glass for such cases.  It couldn't speak, and the reason wasn't clear. The erect nipples and surging muscles displayed that the young was in rut. They had caught was could only be described as a pubescent and now they torture it by withholding nourishment, which could explain the difficulty determining gender.

After several days without food, the L is dried and dies issuing a foam and horrible smell.  The meat at the cafeteria is unusual. The staff have no comment as to why, but Relina eats it, all the same, a punishment everyone there deserved.

After a week they go on a late tour. There is a work tour every week, including the new arrival tours that only cover essentials.

Guiding the tour was an expert trapper. Trappers have a goal to capture L and lower their population. 

-
Something so amazing as an L creature and all we care about is taking over this colony and killing them off.
- R
It's really something. When in heat.
-
It's not so much as heat but coming of age. They have education and laws, but suddenly forget it all and run off like wild animals. 
- R
Oh. I wasn't educated in this before arriving.

The discussion was like two girls barely hiding their interest in boys.

The L gov. bear no responsibility for failing colonies, and the human legal system dismisses them as fair game. It's like they have a mutual pact to destroy the L colony, but why?


deep thought
Relina thinks to herself.

She thinks of herself in the mirror. Her breasts perk up from her chest. The nipples beg to be grabbed.

She touches them unconsciously. While doing so for real.  Her blonde hair's a bit messy with dark streaks under.

Moving her arm up reveals her thin waist and generous swell of a hip. 

She becomes nude in her imagination. She sees herself in her youth and her skin blazes and streaks with sweat as she strokes her stomach.

The feeling of a sexual thrall... She loses concentration for several minutes as the tour ends.  She flexes her inner wall to hold in the pleasure and forgets herself almost asleep.

She remembers she's there to fuck some Ls, the rutting beasts look like they'd kill her, and after seeing the first one die her attitude was soured about the caretakers.  She's been here over a week and it seems like there was no reason. She's become an assistant to a heartless regime.

later After a murder
Everything that happened was impossible to forget.

The woman she had kidnapped, drugged, and dropped into the Ls chamber.  She was ruined.

This was an event never before seen. It had happened in front of over six onlookers, and been recorded on security cameras.

She stole a copy of the recording, wiped her involvement, and sent it out in the deep web. Soon they'd be overrun by police, but now there has been some retribution, and titillation, that she can pride herself for.

recollect
The L was female, and looked very similar to a dark skinned woman with implants back on Earth. The nipples would have been a delicacy, even for the richest milk maid.

After the starvation it was no surprise the L was hungry. Her tits had became saggy, and her lips cracked.

What came as surprise was how she attacked the assistant's genitals first causing her to scream (moan).  Her cognition overcome by pleasure in moments.

Her fingers penetrate the vagina causing the deep red folds to split open. FL sends a thick mucus frothing proboscis (oosing tongue) around and probes the asshole of her prey. A heavy narcotic enters the bloodstream and she envelopes the unwilling partner in putrid sweat.  Her fingers move rapidly and the bitch is able to open her eyes (climax) and release her bowels. The FL regurgitates some dust (digested shit) and splays the assistant on her back.

She didn't look half bad, her nipples were rock hard, although one soon became twisted in the teeth of a fucker. Her puss oosed juice, and her ass was clean, both raw and abused, spread out, clean.  

Like the L was putting on a show at the last moments she picked up the assistant and pressed her into the glass and repeated the acts. 

With a better look. She was wearing eye makeup. Eyelash extensions. Pink lipstick, on her augmented lips.  Relina thinks she must have been a cocksucking secretary for some time, and this is the most adventure her pussy had. Red eye. Wide eylids. Big cheekbones. Probably Chinese or maybe the makeup just does the trick.  Her tits were generous but this day and age it means nothing.  Her small body and small hips give the image of a younger woman to Relina. Maybe this is the cause of her singling out the secretary, it was, dragging her there against her will was so easy.

Fingers jackknifing into and out, spread the pussy, and it was beginning to prolapse. She bends the assistant down so the ass is very clear in the recording, and sends her tonge probing up the anus. The narcotic kicks in and the assistant shutters, writhing her small muscles throughout her body from the pleasure, and she gags with her tongue pressed to the glass. 

She's forced again, her tits against the glass and brought to climax, her face pressed down, head turned slightly, her mouth agape. She's incapable of losing her shit again but her tears and drool are generous as her stomach churns. The FL finishes by egregiously squeezing the bitches swolen tits, one side significantly raw, with red marks from getting bitten, and prodded, and pinched. The areolae protruding, Relina's mouth waters, does she want to bite this woman, too?

The liquid from the FL's "tongue" began to flow on the glass, causing smoke, and the assistant, uhh Jill was it, made a pitiful noise and the rest of her clothes came off, with some of her skin.  She passed out, or died just then.  Just as well, her beauty turned horrid, and the sex turned disasterously deadly in one instant.

Security guards got in an killed the L then. She was trying to unbirth a dead assistant head first at the time, her skin cracking and peeling from the L partially dissolving her. The sight made Relina sick, but she watched anyways.

new encounter in forest nook

Such ferocity and vigor. Two Ls were fucking eachother as a tour passed.  This pair was (mf) hetero and they were smashing louder and louder.  The male was thin with ropy muscles and Relina became transfixed on the cock, barely visible at this distance.

She puts her head down and imagines herself in place of the female. She can't replicate the convulsive force of those alien muscles. She can't imagine surviving the thrust. What was an L like, before it was tormented?

When the male ooses from all over his body onto her, she laps it up, it enters her skin. That's another difference, no it doesn't matter. L are beautiful.  It doesn't look unpleasant. Relina decides to get away from convoy now before her perversion escapes her mouth.

in water
She runs off to an oasis and plays with herself until she climaxes.  She sees a figure, and another. She remains still, to avoid appearing scared.

Her vulnerability becomes apt. She stands up and her whole naked body is revealed.

The male L comes over, his cock erect. He sits right next to her. He touches her breast, more like a curious poke.

She finally gets a look and sees he's more human now, not bulging and ropy, not in rut. Perhaps it was the couple.  Maybe Relina should - She looks for the female. Behind her!

Two points stick into her back and a firm cushion is planted right behind her back, she's dragged down from standing up. Fear and regret, tears, she's unable to hide these. Stupid. She thinks, "I'm about to die." 

She's brought into a seated posture, like a stuffed toy animal in a child's lap.

She can't even see the FL, but she sees her hands, they have no fingernails. They stroke her belly, and her skin is apparently flush by the heating sensation there. She's starting to twitch from tickling sensations. The ML is still there, standing, his big dick must be the span of two of her hands length. Relina's mind fails her. She touches him.

Relina starts moving and tries to climb the ML while still being held by FL. She is lifted up graciously, then a little too high. Her pussy is perched above his erection.  She looks down and feels ML grab her. His eye contact, she can't return it.  When is the first time she noticed L eyes? She can't really remember.

Fingers enter her, not nearly as forceful as expected. Then she's lowered on the ML like she'd hug him, then she felt like pulling his cock into her.

She's vigorously fucked with her arms behind his neck. And after switching between holes she's leaking ML fluids from both holes. Oose that came out of the ML's skin is smeared on her face and back. The FL appears to have taken off in a giddy fit.  Relina is now fellating what she thinks of as her captor, or shield. Her face full and smeared, an object of her obsession practically down her throat, her expression widens into a bright smile.

She creams. Her vagina swells from arousal without the ML in it, and she pushes out the contents involuntarily. It's already sopping "cum" and wet from her orgasm, but it swells and she perversely grabs ass and forces ML's cock down into her throat, starting to giggle madly she chokes on it and swallows hard her head then strokes back, pulling it out.  It twitches in view. So she begins taking it about half its length and ignores the pain in her throat, her drool comes up as the ML goes down.  It doesn't taste bad, she thinks of it like hot milk.

The ML seems willing to let her have her way, she notices.  After gasping for air she takes a rest, and the ML doesn't make the first move, remaining attentive.

She starts talking and the ML brings her face to his and protrudes a smelly stomach tentacle. It's completely black like shit, and the smell. Relina stops and covers her mouth, she can't stand its smell.  But... she remembers something. She gets out of the water and raises her legs to expose her ass.

After carefully positioning and running the tentacles along the ML is satisfied. His tentacle enters her ass, and before long he's resting on his side. Minutes later she's silently screaming, with a cock in her mouth because of the sensation of squirming around her stomach. A large issue of cum enters her throat and bile leaks out her mouth. A swell bloats her intestines as secretion from the tendrils inside her leak, accompanying a rapid spasm from ML.

She can't move for a while. The ML seems to have fallen docile, then she feels fingers probing her snatch and clit, making her orgasm, plugged in three holes now. Then again slower, and repeats until the swelling in her stomach lowers and the tentacle exits her slightly.

She stops trying to suck and is overcome by the force of liquids exiting her body. The ML looks curious once again. He lets up after she is done going number three, the pressure of her insides allowing him to bloat her slightly.

And that's how she made a friend with the L. But it seems they can't talk. She was fine after a few weeks.



rough encounter
Another day she goes to the oasis.  On her way there, she catches a scent.

She's ambushed grabbed and carried into a tall tree, hidden in tree branches within moments. Her head is stuffed down and she feels her panties tighten.  She tries to regain composure, but finds herself immobile, and sees the ground far below.

A hand roughly grabs her hair and a distinct smell drains every ounce of strength she has. Her panties snap.  The tentacle of an L lurches onto her face and rubs across her nose. It curls around her face and slides over her eyes blinding her, not that she could have seen much before.

Relina breathes hard out her mouth. Her nose is snotty.  She chokes up a bit breathing in.

Her exposed ass and clit begin to be probed and she only thinks one thing, "Is it ML or FL?" The thought of deadly acid marring her skin is too much and she starts trying to slap at the fingers entering her. Surely am ML would have just raped her if that was his intent, that would kill her, but she'd. Her perverse thoughts sunk in.

Her body holds tightly in a shiver, and with her legs tucked under she sticks her pelvic mound out more, begging for deeper penetration.  The disgusting blindfold falls down and enters her throat breaking through her tongue and stopping her breath.  

Her arms are bound. Her curves are groped from the waist to hipbone and she's squeezed there. Something goes into her somewhere below. Then out. It feels like it's stabbing her heart. It repeats until she's passed out.

She wakes up with a clout of strange fluid coming out her mouth, exitting her innards.  More fluids are streaked across her. She touches her chest and they are bare and prodden, her clothes are torn clean off except for her shoes.  Nothing else is missing, that's a relief. She's still whole.

An almost skilled hand shakes her tits and she starts both times.  Something pulls out of her spasming vagina, she didn't even notice it, she had gone numb other than her automatic reflex. She's turned around and clenches her engorged belly, surprised to see it, out of her womb a stream gushes.  She shivers.

She makes some obscene and pitiful noises like a dying motor and afterwards feels some relief. There's a ML, still red and swollen, his muscles taught, red and swollen, revealing he is in rut, or was.

He helps her down from the tree and looks apologetic. He carries her to a shroud and he leaves.  He comes back with a gown from somewhere and most of her clothes.  

He helps her take her shoes off. It becomes clear they're sodden. He gives her a replacement.  

He mimics a smile, mouth closed.

Relina's engorged womb aches and she can't move. She masturbates while ML is away, but can't cum. Eventually he comes back with food, she devours it.

recovery... ?
The ML comes with an FL one day, she's new. She get down and eases her tentacle in. After moments a relief washes over Relina and her womb empties completely.  The FL touches her butt, seeming to offer assistance there too, Relina turns over, and the process repeats.

The FL does spend a long time cleaning Relina.  She feels a warm and cold sensation several times until the procedure ends.  Then she massages Relina's back, her breasts, and buttocks, and leaves.

hard recovery

The FL returns and sternly forces the ML to leave. She begins with both cavities, leaving a cool relaxing sensation inside.  Then she massages, only this time the rub down makes Relina sore, and she feels better after FL leaves.

x recovery

Relina's obsessed about the damage done to her body. She needs a mirror. Some way to confirm she's still human. On the last day she's brought out and walked back to her human encampment.  She couldn't get the ML to take her with him.  She couldn't get him to have sex with her. It's like he lost interest since he was no longer in rut.

When relina got back in she was allowed in without question. In front of a mirror she saw, her skin had tanned considerably. She had lost weight. Her breasts were still firm. She didn't look bad.


