moan race - 
male

	males are decidedly human, but with a prong at the base of the penis. They generate a gallon on cum per day.
bblel
	bblel are a symbiotic skin of the orja, they have a separate brain and organs from the host but serve as advisors and stimulate arousal outside of orja control. They can make an orja's body fully erogenous, and determine stimuli reception.
orja
	orja are a very strong host species for bblel.  They're decidedly female human, but become pregnant with bblel during their nocturnal emission. It's possible for two orja to copulate like a hetero couple, but due to the influence of orja, they may orgasm from anything.


Location Sitter Academy, a moan race world

Bren
Bren is a male, he's going to Sitter Academy. He's short and very low build. He doesn't have a sloppy body though. He wears stupid logos on his shirt and stitched latex pants.

Sin is an orja, she has her bblel retain borders at her tanktop and spandex underwear to keep them in place.  Although her erogenous zones are usually on. Merry, her bblel usually stimulates her butt on his own (he decided male). Due to the relationship she eats less than usual and has low body mass.

Sin and Bren are together. Bren's full load is clocked in and he's begun to leak into a small catch but he needs to cum. Merry detects Bren, and pushes Sin against her will.

Sin disrobes. Then after noticing the impulsive mistake, she puts her top back on. Merry sweats for her to make her glow bright in the gymnasium.

This all happens during the middle of gym class.

Thanks a lot. Bren grits his teeth and smiles at the basically nude girl he's never met before.

There's only one obvious rule, they can't do it here. Maybe Sin should cover her crotch before other bblel take interest but of course, he could use it to his advantage.

Sin grabs Bren and they disappear together. After running through the hall, Sin repeatedly flashing Bren with her ass, they reach an empty room.

From Bren's eyes Sin's ass opens within view for about 2 seconds, a split second every time her weight shifts. His erect penis is nearly bursting with joy now.

Sin turns around in the empty room, Merry removes all borders and changes from porous to smooth, then turns the side of her facing away from Bren hard and it's like her tits are bouncing around, her breathing quickens. She turns away to avoid blushing but Merry reads her movement and blushes in a circle turning Sin like a puppet until her anus is visible again.

Merry's goal is obvious.

Bren's goal is Sin's asshole. But there are some rules.

Sin needs to remove Bren's pants.  Sin needs to promise not to waste a single drop of cum.  Sin can't have sex with anyone else for a week.

These are Bren's rules.  If he's going to cum he will get Sin to agree. His throbbing erection spills.

Sin looks back and looks very happy. She rubs her breasts on a desk, they remain loose although her stomach is taught and scaly at the moment.

Merry, Sin thinks. Merry I can do it au natural, and please stop making me feel so dirty back there. Merry ignores the request to stop.

I'm Bren and I won't do it unless you give me access for a week. Nobody else can touch you.

Fine.

You have to take my pants off. - Sin reaches her foot back and attempts to grab bren's pants, to no avail. She reaches back with her left arm next, and her butt grinds with a lewd squelch, some of Merry's cum is in the mix.

Bren's pants are down enough that his penis exits the catch system, precum already beads. His erect cock is light  at the base dark with pulsing veins and pink at the tip.

You can't waste a bit. Promise.

Sin flinches. Merry will interpret this. Oh dear. Sin's anus shifts, it appears to shrink. She turns over exposing her belly.

You want to try and make full use of my body then. -Sin feels powerless, merry stimulates her deep inside her, her nipples turn purple and erect with white tips.

I promise to store every drop of cum. -She almost stops it but Merry is very smart, and has Sin's sexual reflexes down to small stimulations.

Here's how. Despite the usual anal stimulation, Merry also has access to ears, muscles, horomone glands, and basic instinct can be played like a fiddle.

Bren noticed the change and he really meant he wanted every drop in her ass. Her pussy was now taking on an erotic froth. Her mouth begins too. It is rumored that the froth of bblel tasted like whatever they wanted. Sin kept her mouth open because. Damnit Merry the inside of my mouth is not an erogenous zone, and it tickles way too much now. The froth builds up. Merry states, I can't stop it for a while, it's up to you.

Sin grabs Bren, for the second time today. She tries to speak and reflexively swallows. Her neck feels like it bulges (it doesn't), she's racked in pleasure with what was meant to be a kiss.  Sin leans forward, a little too fast.

Bren, seeing Sin dive for his cock, swallows as well. T-t-t- take this! He puts the head in her mouth. He also holds the shaft, and runs his other hand under her nose where the froth is hiding her from view. His finger goes to his mouth. It's like sea water. He mutters, "I prefer cinnamon." Merry notes.

Sin's erogenous zones tingle. Her throat is flexing in anticipation.  She can breathe alright but her throat floods with Merry's cinnamon scent. What's alarming is the rate which her neck twerks. Her butt moves with it.

Bren tosses his head back, but they're too early and neither one fully commits until cum touches Merry's upper lip. The smell makes her snap out and devour him.  Her stomach groans in anticipation. Her throat has a hot full sensation.  Bren loses his precum and the image of Sin's teeth stick in his mind. The last thing before suck extreme pleasure.

He backs up and sin holds still rapt for a long time with her eyes closed.  She removes her top. She lies back exposing her cunt. 

Merry's work made her throat feel good, and she was momentarily hungry for the taste and smell. 

Now she is back to breeding mentality.

Merry: Not enough?

Sin's skin glossens and turns pink. Her nipples and areolae raise.

Merry: Come on boy. Sin, you'll have to touch yourself.

I can't I can't. Please, please, fuck me!  Sin can barely touch anything before a ridiculing squelch is audible and her muscles tense.

Bren nods and move in.

Sin fights him all the way. After a struggle to finish inserting it looks like bren's alone with a flesh toy. Well, really it was him and Merry, he didn't know either one he was fucking.

Bren feels Sin's back and it feels velvet soft. His sperm pours into her. Bren rubs his hands around with a mysterious look. 

The skin symbiote was also enrapt.  It was like everywhere he touched felt good, or wet, or erect.  Bren touched Sin's lips. The curdled and dripped dark, non-blood substance, with a hint of cinnamon flavor. Bren's orgasm stopped momentarily.

He breathes in hard, and pushes out several more, then gasps for air.