You're about to see a bunny. It's so real. Hold still for a moment please.

You are right here with bunny. You are bunny and you aren't. The decisions you make affect you most of all.  You judge yourself harsher than anyone else.

The bunny is in a bed of debris. It exits and runs to a branch to chew on it.

The wind WHOOSH-es causing the bunny to stop for a moment. Then it turns and looks around.

??? "You look really dumb. If things talk they talk. Stop making such a surprised face. Gosh pay attention to the bushes and look at me."

It appears. A weird green and gold bunny, fluffy and silly looking. It stands three times taller than the wild bunny kit.

They exchange cadence and bond by looking for just a moment.

"I'm the boss of you. Groom me, that proves your loyalty."

It nudges the kit bunny. The bunny does lick its nose.

"I'm Boss. I'm in front." It hops away and glances back. 

"That means F-O-L-L-O-W ME. Come, do what I do. I hope you aren't always so slow."

The other bunny follows and they both hop together, the other bunny catches up quickly.

"You aren't hopping right. Hop like this. It's the boss way to hop."

Zig-zag zig-zag. It hops to and fro.

The bunnies start to hop to and fro, then they zig-zag, left right, silly and all for show.

It stops. They both stop. 

"Good you did what I did. Not as well as me, but you tried. I can do this now, watch."

Boss thumps with its hind foot. The other bunny thumps.

"Try this then!" Boss yawns. The other bunny yawns. Then they hop.

There is a playground arena with a few other bunnies in colorful variety. Off in the distance is a menagerie of fun toys and hidey spots.

"This is the boss spot." Boss stops under a shade. "Find your own. It's good for resting. It feels." It breaks the train of thought with a yawn and lays its head down. It doesn't speak for some time.

The young wild bunny is also very tired. It becomes apparent when after a minute it breaks free of your control and hops to a shade.

TAKE A BREAK It's only your first time playing. The game won't continue unless you leave it alone for five minutes.

When the young bunny approaches Boss again he's spry and awake.

"That was a good rest. Let me tell you a story."