
"I almost forgot. You need to make a vow of silence now that you know this place. It's bunny hallowed. If you ever find yourself outside of paradise you can't talk to anyone about it.

You're one of us. I'm going to tell you some wisdom.  It's very important. It's endless. What I call it is mystory."


Boss begins telling a long story.

"
Where I usually start is... Let me tell you THE ORIGIN OF BUNNIES.

Bunnies lived on the ground since forever." He looks very happy to tell this! 


"It's our land. We are on the ground. It's the boss place. We are all boss here.  It feels good having all four down.

Next. THE ORIGIN OF WEIRD BUNNIES.

Everything that hops is basically a funny looking bunny, I prefer weird bunny. As long as they are on the ground we're connected. Some weird bunnies hate the ground so much they grow feathers.  They barely touch it. They hop really far with just two paws. The others grow really tall and walk on two paws all the time like the humans.

I never saw a human hop. They're backwards. We dig to get closer, beneath the ground, that is boss. They dig to get away from the ground, that is weird. Weird.

Let me tell you THE ORIGIN OF OUR HUMANITY.

This is long story. It's very scary, not boss. I need to chew something while I tell it.  Chew is relaxing."

So he eats a twig.

"Humans don't enjoy the ground like us. They're weird bunnies, mmn mmnh, but they like it even less than the feathered ones. They bicker, constantly acknowledging each other for bad things they do. Unlike us, we hop away from bad things. They try to move away from the place they were last to get into another weird bunnies place. They keep forcing us to move away from them, even though we're b... b. We're stuck.

I've only see one or two. That's not many. They're pretty dangerous when there's so few, they don't think like we do. 

There is a sky land.

Let me finish. This is human origin story, the sky land.

Sky land is small and tall like a human likes it, nothing like here. This explains whole story.

There's more.

There were winged creatures who lived in the sky land together with humans, called angels. The angels who never hop, never touching the ground, used to be connected to humanity.  They aren't weird bunnies.  They saw how humanity was, like we do, but they couldn't hop away. They tricked the humans into walking off the sky land. The angels got rid of their humanity. Even though they aren't bunnies, and they aren't on the ground, it's better than being connected to humans. I think.  Now we're stuck with our humanity.

Our humanity was a thing the angels did to bunnies, so we stop acknowledging they exist as punishment. They can't be weird bunnies.


Let me tell you more about OUR HUMANITY

Humans... They don't take bunnies seriously. They fight each other like they can't be boss, even though they're in paradise with the rest of us. Even though they may be weird bunnies, they are by far the weirdest because they dig, but they dig up. It's backwards.  We should always call them human because they're backwards.

We try to play with them, but it doesn't work. They don't acknowledge the bunnies who are fair.  They never play fair.

There are some stories about bunnies who became humans. You're too young for those.

Let me tell you about MAGIC

You'll know it. When you have to go and what you have to eat. It's natural magic. We know exactly what to eat and chew just by sniffing."


Boss takes a nap. After a while he goes on.

"Bunnies are boss.

Weird bunnies can act like they're boss, but they only pretend.

Humans are dangerous. They are HUGE. They have long paws with thumbs and hypnotic eyes. The small ones are extra dangerous. They are impossible to trick. They pretend to be boss just to make you pet them, and like they're going to pet you back they'll try to remove your legs. Don't let them.

Cats are dangerous. Smaller ones are my size, but they can be bigger. They have long paws, hypnotic eyes, hypnotic tails, and they're very clean. They know our tricks and tend to hop.  You need to remember they're weird bunnies. They even live in trees.  As long as you believe you are boss, they avoid you.

Dogs are dangerous. I never saw one up close because I can usually smell it a mile away. From what I've been told, the smaller they are the louder they are. They dig. They mess with burrows.  They're easy to trick. Don't try to be boss, I know all about dogs, you should hide.

Birds are the weird bunnies who hop the farthest. If you see one above you, you should get under cover or it might step on you. That's mean, right?  They can't tell if you're boss, they're a little too high."

