Somewhere on the outskirts of Paradise, there is a dig site with soft soil. When left idle, the bunny digs in locations like this.

More towards the East there is a visibly manifested upheaval of ground.  There is a bunny hole.  When approached, from inside the cave comes a thump.  A burly tall bunny withdraws from the cavern.

The bunny is tall and narrow, with thick whiskers, and big hind legs.

"Hi there, new friend! You must be admiring my burrow. That's the technical term for a shallow hole. It's like a small house the humans make. Never mind.

I was guarding while at rest. My buddy bunny is with me. Have you ever seen such a beautiful sight? Remember that sight.

You know it is safe, indeed it smells perfectly normal for a place for rabbits to live in. Remember this smell.

You like to dig right? You are like me, a bunny! You should remember to have a buddy guarding the entrance, like me. In case there's a cave-in who else can rescue you? In case a wild animal approaches who else will warn you?

I dug this hole so if you know I'm reliable this is a reliable hole. I am. In this case we just met, don't trust me!

Sometimes a hole is bottomless so you shouldn't jump in without looking. If it's a deep dark crevice at an extreme angle, remember it looks nothing like a burrow! Stay out of there."

Another bunny hops outside from the hole.

"You see? My buddy trusts me completely and I trust them. We have much to gain from each other, that is the cement of our partnership. Remember this buddy system is an honor system, remember the honor system is about trust, remember trust can only be earned not purchased or taken.

Would you like to take a look inside? If something comes along we will run away. Without us standing here, it could be very dangerous. To come out without a buddy standing outside a tunnel is perilous, remember that sense."

Yes or no the bunny is allowed to check out the workmanship of the dig bunny's hole, and surrounding dig site.

"If you have some time would you help me dig this distant tunnel? It's a speed tunnel, a fairly complex hole to dig. Two bunnies are required make such a tunnel until completion it's never safe alone. Remember this type of hole.  Some prefer it.

Before you decide, you should get some sleep. It's been a big day, I can tell you've never experienced a dig and this was exciting. Would you like to rest in this burrow? My friend and I will be out here."

TAKE A NAP?

I'm pretty tired. Give me five minutes of rest OK? You could use some rest too. Just close your eyes or take a little walk. Stop reading this for now.

Are you alright? OK we'll continue.

CONTINUE

"I could use your help to finish up a little project. Practice makes profect.  Remember practice.  Remember profect.

How about it? I don't mind if you say no, but my buddy is scared of the dark. 

[Yes.]

"This type of dig is with two exits, called 'tunnel.' Tunnel provides safety and travel options. Very deep class. Remember this very deep class dig is tunnel. 

For now I'm temporarily your boss. You can pet me if you like."

There is a hole.

"Tell me what you think about it."

The hole smells dry, and bunny friendly. There is no light within. This bunny dug the hole. He is friendly so it's not a trap.  The other bunny's smell is there too, but the other bunny's right here.

"Well done. You are good at listening." It pets the good bunny.

"That was gift. Never mind.

I'll go in right now. If you see anyone approach, thump and hide from danger.  I will definitely- not- leave- the hole- until you stand near the hole again. Remember, I trust you little, my buddy will be here, in case you leave.  Remember, safety first."

While the other bunny is inside digging, a third bunny approaches.

Thump. 

The bunny who thumps stood still. It saw the other bunny was all harmless, not scary.

Bunny who digs exits the hole after seeing it out there, immobilized.

"You thump... Oh hi!

You did well, remember the safety thump.

I feel safe sleeping right at the exit of the hole while on guard. It's ok, bunnies sleep with eyes open. Remember what each buddy does, we all think different. Pick one buddy and always let that buddy guard.  That could be important for you later." It looks starkly alarmed at the profundity of its own foreshadowing prediction.

Its buddy laughs and hops away.  Wait, can bunnies laugh?

"Oh, you are still young. It takes a long time to forge a buddy partnership here, so you must understand me, yet."

It's your turn. Dig in! Dig in. It's what we were all waiting for." All the bunnies lean to, anticipating this.

While crawling through, there is a root bunny noms. At the back there is a wall of soft dirt and the softness is refreshing. Instinctively the bunny digs in the wall of dirt, it gives way easily. This is great! At times it is rough so the bunny chews at it. After a while it exits, nudging the guard a little for sitting inside the tunnel.

They take turns several times. There is a marked amount of distance left to dig.  The digging bunny is a bit faster than the new bunny.

"We're through, you can do the honors."

Digging through to the surface the light filters in. The bunny chews through the grass roots and bursts out in the new location. The tunnel is dug, and now the bunny can enjoy the first class travel.

"Remember this dig."

(See the [Dig manual] for more possible dialogue.)