Bunny spies a strange object.

At a glance it is a human stead. There is a fence with a gate. The building is complete with windows, door, roof, and several walls. There is a winkle of light coming from the door that lures bunny to take a closer look.

Bunny looks real hard but the fence is in the way.

Bunny tries to hop through and gets stopped. 

Bunny sniffs, the fence has no smell. Bunny bites the fence, but the fence has no taste, it's plain, it doesn't budge, bunny decides not to bite.

If bunny climbs up real high on a rock it sees over the fence. There it sees the other bunny, it's far away. Now it's close-up. 

SWITCH

There is a bunny looking out the front door of a house. It isn't you but it is you.

"I sense it. Its spirit is reaching out to me. It's with me right now." It thinks.

"My name is Eoromwello. Very pleased to meet you.

I wasn't expecting this, I just happened to look this way." She could be thinking to the other bunny across the fence.

"Don't test me." 

The bunny doe winks.

"Though you are not the first I have met. This sort of thing happens all the time.

I have more to say.  Don't get me started.  We'll be here all day.

The bunny outside is wild.  It is so young.  Its way of life will be one full of danger and excitement.  This is why he's with you. I think.

Wandering spirits are so curious. Willful. I can't completely understand.  If you're here it's because it achieved so much.  You're just visiting.

There is much for everyone to learn. I want to guide you through new experiences.  Some experiences I don't like, I can take those.  

No. That's a selfish. Experience is something earned. I shouldn't.

My own experience.  From here I meet nature. I can greet other bunnies. Then there's someone like you. I would never refuse such gentle experience. To do that is to spite myself.  There's also what I found out before coming here.

I won't stop or change my way of life now, even if you control me. You're not as big a part of me as either of us.

I've lived without bunny.  Time passes.  It was meant to be. All a bunny has or needs comes from within and from surviving. 

Sorry. I tell you about myself. Even when I try to tell you about you. I guess I really don't know anything about you. I'm making a prediction." She pauses. "I'm a predictor."


"There is one thing I can do. I can open your mind. Mayn't?"

The hints collected on the side bar are altered to denote whether they have been proven or not. 

"These things are ideas! Aren't they? This is a simple representation, nothing I can't handle. It's new to you and we're about to have a story d'scussion.

This is the easy version. A collection of thought can be read like a journal.

There's another way to see it that's deeper.  Stories you've heard are collections of ideas. Stories can be profound influences on your imagination and decisions because of the way they represent people, places, and things; and not accurately.  A retelling can override the past, so be careful. Stories can change opinions. People get a little crazy when they don't understand things.

Stories are a mix of facts and myths. Stories about other people make you feel like you know them.  Those stories are sacred treasures."

There's a pause and the bunny looks sad.

"Will you treasure my memory?" Pause.  "Umm. I have one more thing to say.

I never know you fully, as you are. I see your stories the way you see them right now. Which ones are real? Which ones have you made up? I can't tell.

Question everything. Find evidence. Things aren't always the way we imagine them.  They're never how we're told.  I won't be led by my nose, without a treat." Licks her own nose.

There is a fact or myth checkbox for each story. They can also be dragged onto objects to label them for different effects.