This whole time while Eoromwello speaks, a figure of a weird bunny has been moving about in a dedicated manner. Only now that you're done talking, it has stopped and sat down at a comfy looking rock (chair).

It appears to be a man. He set up dominos while Eoromwello talked. By the time you're done he has finished setting up an obstacle course.


TRIAL 1	COMPASS MOVEMENT
With a brisk pat on the bunny's head, she speaks out of sight, "Navigate this puzzle Eoro. You know this game well. When you do the trick I can tell you're thinking clearly."

The bunny does the easy puzzle.

The bunny goes into the bedroom to play around. In the room there are netherly clothes all over and it's fun to hide and wait. The man enters and begins cleaning the room. Eventually it begins to toil, lamenting his fate.

"You did very well. Please stop punishing me like this. Go back into the game room. You're being difficult today. Come on. Come on. Why are you being like this?  Is it a possession?  I'll fix that if I try."

He cleans the entire room until Eoromwello gives in.

"Eoromwello. Come on. Let's go, there's nothing left to pick up."

Back in the living-room she makes a speech sitting cross-legged with Eoromwello near her.

"I love you very much.  It's so much fun watching you play. I feel connected to you right now. Let's play some more and see how much you've grown.

The game we'll play is "Trespassing Shadow." Let's review the shadow play lesson. It is a game of skill.  It makes a flirtatious flair of the wrist.

Intent is what matters when you use the shadows. Recognize the best course to reach your goal, and improvise when necessary."

TRIAL 2	SNEAKING SHADOWS

"In the shadows, you will be invisible. See the images unfolding, and mimic those that go on ahead."

A shadow on the wall is met by a moving gray figure, the figure vanishes quickly. Another figure crosses the shadow and stops on the other side. Eoromwello knows perfectly well how, and crosses the shadow, proving it understands.

"Now watch the light. It will cross the shadow, and at that exact moment it illuminates all who spy it."

There is a shadow on the wall, a light shines across intermittently making the shadow vanish, revealing a moving figure that was caught off guard. Another crosses and stops on the other side. The bunny is able to do the trick and the Shadow man nods its head.

"Again. Navigate your way across this entire room without me noticing, similar to the maze earlier. You will have proof of skill then, go on."  She rests on an armchair facing the inside of the room, intently watching as all obstacles remain unrevealing.

Shadows near windows are lit and dimmed back to darkness repetitively.  There are mirrors. Seemingly there is a loose peg which could be knocked over. The course can be completed in under a minute, but requires some patience to learn.

Eoromwello gives up and moves next to the man. He pets the cute bunny and says "Are you done? Without this skill you rely on kindness. Kindness is not always the best decision. You're really cute, you know that I love you, and I want you to grow and learn independence and have self respect. Try again, take a nap, either way I'll be right here waiting."

She finishes the course in time.  For this she gets to look at a pendant that reacts strongly to light and turns black in shadow, as a reward.

TRIAL 3 PERSISTANCE

"Good. I have a few other games. Let's play them all!"

He opens an exit in the backdoor, leaving it ajar.  He reclines at the coffee table and sips tea.

When the bunny tries to leave, Shadow man sees it and the door snaps shut unexpectedly.

"This is my domain. This is my bunny. I won't let her go just like that. 

Now. Give me a kiss."

TRIAL 4 PLAY TOUCH

An arena play where he pets bunny and she runs around trying to dodge his paws.

He makes soft light dance and avoid Eoromwello, while red shadows advance on her. This displays how scary powerful it is, and how fast a bunny reacts.

Shadowman changes his face erratically while trying. He turns around to let his bunny hide. 

NO MORE TRIAL?
It pets the bunny gently, and they both feel relaxed. 

There could be other indoor games, but Eoromwello is thinking about the outdoors right now.

END OF TRIAL

Shadowman begins another monologue.

"I know. I am unfair. I make you play, and I get to enjoy how you grow so much every day.  I see you run around energetically, pass my made up skill tests, and then you want to go outside to play alone. 

I don't mind. I checked to make sure the net will keep you safe, and that wild bunny can't touch you. I saw it too.

Do you think I am a bad person?

A hop towards him makes him smile.

To me you're special.  The yard is ready.

Remember to visit your bunny locker."