Through the bunny door, Eoromwello exits the house.

A large portion of the back yard has an overhanging net guarding against scary outdoors animals.

There are some berry bushes along and around the enclosure which have a sweet fragrance. She nibbles at them. She then poops next to them.

"A well fertilized garden grants life so return the favor."

There are other plants with difference scents, but not nearly as sweet.

In the safely gated region are plastic boxes and a large plastic container with a transparent roof. This entire place could be another house for smaller people.

Eoromwello has some things to say about it. 

"I like to play in here, it's all for me. I don't mind sharing.  If it isn't fun we can leave any time, OK? I almost forgot you were there for a moment, but I did."

In a container, what light does go through becomes a radiant pink aura.

"You see there, that's a funny looking thing. It's like a face. Now I can imitate the face!" And she does.  She grins and it stays on her face.

Next she imitates a statue. "Don't be mad if I get it wrong though, this statue has many angles." It's a trapezoid.  She's pretty accurate.

There is a rack of fabric and clothes. "Wearing different clothes is like pretending you're someone else. Usually I am au natural. When I wear this white cloth I look like a ghost, am I still cute?

There are some books about how to be a curious bunny. I could act more curious if I read a chapter of these. This one is about contentedness, bunnies who read this will enjoy naps more often."

Hop hop.

"There's a toy. I can nudge it a couple of feet.  Toys have various effects, but since I don't have thumbs the only toys I like fit in my mouth.  Oh I've been so talkative, this just gets me excited. 

Let's go out-out, next to the fence. I've been listening and it's really quiet. We can go next to the fence and I won't be scared. 

It's time you return to the wild bunny.  It's pining away.

I will never go wild again.  Go without me."

Eoromwello hops to the gate and the wild bunny comes over, now seeing Eoromwello up close the first time. 

"If you ever want to see me again ring this bell and I'll look out the window, or I'll be in the yard. I think that man in there likes you.

Take what we learned today and use it well."

There is a bell on the fence so low it's like it was meant for this very purpose.

The perspective transfers back to the wild bunny and it continues on its journey mystified by the power that compels it.