The bunny arrives at a vast fertile grove of long grass and hay.  This much is like paradise. There are no bunnies for miles and too much empty sky, not like paradise.

They roam around a long time. There are frolicking bunnies all packed together near a human stead.

There is another stead beside that, it resembles a smaller human stead where many bunnies are visible milling about.  It's like nothing ever seen, a bunny paradise produced by weird bunnies, how novel.

All the bunnies are red and behave strangely.

A circle of red bunnies forms up for no particular reason.  Approaching them scares them away and in the center is a single translucent figure of a bunny.

The wild bunny noses at it and a winkle transfers from it to the figure. It is a real bunny!  Now it's you!

INTRODUCING LIGHT

Light speaks to the wild bunny directly as though it can understand.

"Hello. Thanks. Oh you aren't from around here. 

Well thanks for scaring those bunnies away, I couldn't be bothered. They'll be back though, they tease me sometimes because they're all favorites. If I had the mind I'd hop away, but I don't know... I have something here."

The wild bunny stays close, but never touching. Light appears to be boss. Maybe he can be a buddy, but he's not willing to let Light be boss.

"That bunny house is not for wild bunnies. You can't go in. It's for them.

Are you waiting for someone?

I hide in a nearby brush during the night. If you like you can rest there. The entire yard"-- Indicates the entire stretch of land --"is surrounded by defenses." Indicates the fences.

A thought bubble from Light reveals its feelings.


"It [he] is very cute."

Light is bogged down by uncontrollable circumstances and negative feelings which emanate in a menacing haze of bubbles around that feeling.

There's a force of nature. It's  like instinct he must abide by, it's a natural flaw. Every action has a fear stopping him from bettering himself, a counter-point to each idea he has.

He discovered things which hold him back. Their existence are real.  Their tangibility is undeniable to him.

"I can peer at other bunnies and try to understand them. By doing this I feel like I get to know them.

In the end, I don't know why I do things, I only know myself. When I'm reflected by someone else, it's upsetting."

The three universal bunny laws are revealed.

Hop to things you like. Hop away if you don't like.
Discover new things and imagine.
Laws 1-3 are absolute. The rest is up to bunny.

We return to Light standing around staring at the cute wild bunny.

Light's gaze fixes on a red bunny. Light explains.

"That's a Red Grumpy Lop-eared Magical Bunny Girl, call them Grumpy. She is special. Like the rest of the grumpies, she gets to live in a house.  She is fed by the whole family of humans who live in the bigger house, and they'll even put a tent over if the weather's rough.

Grumpies look too similar when they're mixed together. I know them through their motives, which don't really shine through unless I watch carefully. By closely observing a Grumpy who is busy alone I get to know her spirit.

There's one."

It stands by itself, grazing, while staring at a reflection off a piece of glass on a wall a few feet away. There is a thought bubble from the Grumpy. "I need to know how the grass tastes over there." 

Light deduces this: "She is clearly enamored by the bunny she's looking at. I don't get it. But, it's all she does right now."

After wiping the thought away, it is stored as a discarded story, the Grumpy seems to have lost interest and drops the grass.

"What happened? She's different, less-Grumpy, I don't recognize her at all now. I have to understand why this happened. It's important, nothing else matters this instant."

Light fixates on this scene.

Adding the thought to your laws, Light takes on the behavior the Grumpy just abandoned, the gritting obsession with his reflection, the mirror.  As the sunlight brightens his visage dims until he can't see his reflection any longer.

"There is only the grass I hold and that shiny surface. Why did I think there was a better place than this one? I am staring at my mere reflection."

The faux law dissolves and remains discarded.

