"I'm almost eight years old. That is very old, I'm the oldest bunny I know. I'm getting tired of foraging and living alone. 

I've found the answer I've always been looking for. The humans can eat me. Now, I'm going in."

Light enters the human stead by way of the front door.

The humans do not eat Light. The first thing he does is get frightened by the extreme contrast in scenery and light music playing. When he recovers his nerve he reenters and...

They don't seem bothered by his presence at all. Most of the family offer to pet and smile at him.

Light uses skills to move around freely. He is nearly invisible in direct light.  He can hide under most things and disappear in shadow. When he fails he can get away using his cuteness.  It becomes a game.

Racing around the house expands Light's comprehension of the human dwelling. Staring at the humans makes him feel safe around them. 

The Grumpies have a way in and around the house which takes some time to discover. They also have strange powers.

His untrained talent soon emerges.  He builds up tolerance to human activity such as they walk around, make noise with electronics, and talk. There are puzzles and new ways to think which the humans reveal.  There are opportunities to create mischief and change the environment.  There are more games to play alone, with the Grumpies, with the humans, with both. There are games that can be observed.

He discovers a cause.


When the family of humans address Light they call him 'Cooper' regularly. There's a girl who calls him Spoopy or Foofs, Hooper, Hopper, Plopper, Sploops; she doesn't seem to care it's confusing. The Grumpies act like he's not there unless they want to tease him.

After visiting the house for a day or two an old man Jeref (aka Jerry) is pleased. He constructs a food box and a spot for Cooper to hide in indoors.

The Grumpies are fed frequently. Light is not so, often being expected to take care of himself. 

When someone, usually the mother, fills up Cooper's food pile and the Grumpies begin rummaging around in it, it starts a territory contest. The girl, Eclaire, debates him.

"No. This is for the Grumpies. You think you deserve this?" When Light refutes it. To the Grumpies she addresses, "We'll play a game we've been practicing." To Light "It is our game. You are just here to annoy us, you have to fail!" 

[Eclaires Skit1]

Whenever Light loses Light can't eat from his container, and must eat grass outside to fill himself. Eclaire makes sure of this. 

The mother Trianna has time to feeds him by hand, pet him, console him, and immediately return to whatever she was doing.

Eventually Light wins the game, annoying the girl. 

"Choople cheated. You aren't allowed to play, and you get nothing.  Go away." 

Eclaire never plays the game to steal Light's food again, but doesn't make good on her angry words. The food remains. When he eats, the Grumpies ignore him. They show a glimmer of... what, respect or restraint?  For now, they don't play.

Things change.

Eclaire begins playing a fairy tale story at night. She begins playing a game she invented called "Grumpy Ship." She begins distributing the paper magic to Grumpies without any particular goal in mind.  They wander out of the play area displaying fantastic powers.
 
Light finds the fairy tale she plays.

[Eclaires Skit4]

After this 'discovery,' Light understands Eclaire's feelings. He can't understand her desire, but not her willingness to hide them.

Eclaire pets Light sometimes. The fairy tale and the games they've played together are ever lasting memories.

Light goes outside and returns the winkle to the wild bunny along with a fraction of the vastness of his reality and imagination.