Intrigued by the vast reality, a decision for even greater journey is made.

The wild bunny has its friends, but not all of them feel like going along on its journeys. They want to have families. So they say their goodbyes and wander off.

With just six bunnies in the troop remaining. They enter the next unknown.

They dig tunnels and burrows. They sneak around annoying birds who won't let them go past.

A weird bunny follows them at some point. It won't leave them alone until one of the bunnies confronts it. 


They run and hide for hours avoiding weird bunnies who want to play. The bunnies don't want to play so often, they want to keep exploring.

The bunnies think how lost they are, they need to be comforted with stories.

There's a storm.  Some of the buddies can't be found after the storm.

The grass doesn't taste as good to the boss any more. There's a loss of cohesion in the entire group.  The bunnies are tired, new buddies are scarce.

The boss decides the group should camp out on the next tree line, where food and safety is plentiful. They spend some time building an outpost. Boss goes on with two other bunnies, one to scout and one to guard long digs.

A few hops is a lifetime beyond the tree fort. Age begins to take its toll.

The boss keeps its mind occupied with only a few stories it likes. It starts to see other animals as dangerous, games are unnecessary, tiring. Time-costly methods to avoid them all are better, "one last discovery" is what matters now.

Boss retells stories, gives itself extra excuses to rest.  It is comforted by its buddy.  They've been together so long. They often eat while the scout tries to look ahead.


Along came a weird bunny with long paws. Spoke the weird bunny. "Do you want to play catch?"

It felt bored, so bored it'd play with a weird bunny. The boss liked the idea of playing and told its buddy it'd be right back.

The buddy was left alone. The boss never came back. It became boss.  Now it is the wild bunny with strange causes and a story the old boss left behind.

There are more buddies, like the ones before. There are small bunny encampments that challenge strangers so boss plays their games.

There is a special bunny, it carries things. It tries to pick up boss when it's really happy.  That's a weird bunny.

There is a bunny who remains in its tunnels. It is not quite a bunny though. It is pitch black and too dangerous to navigate the tunnels. The bunnies see the same bunny several times, it is quiet and quick to disappear in the tunnel.

Sometimes a bunny says it came out of a tall tree and can lead them back. Maybe it was a cat. Maybe the bunny lied about the tree.  Only one way to find out.

Through the generations the stories the bunnies tell change, they're forgotten, they take on new meaning. There is only one constant rule. The boss leads, some follow.