thinking about this for an individual game takes an unusually large amount of concentration.

logic is a learned behavior
sense is a natural talent.

First type of game will be a maze. I'll call it "Mistry".

The sense can't be any tougher than action based time limit or a deadly obstacle.

Here's the use case in a streamlined 

###Mistry
level based system. failure reduces level by one.

find how to navigate
navigate safe maze
increase difficulty each success
maze is bigger
there's a pit (obstacle) next maze
no pit. there's a maze with doors.
there's a spike, which blocks a direction for 1 second, and moves out of the way for 2 seconds
after 20 seconds the first room fills with water. you drown in 5 seconds (25 safe time).

### Mistry 2
Next will be an RPG with puzzles that require a different skill to be displayed before incorporating it into a maze.

There's a design challenge.  Important factors.

1 What skills are integral? 
	Patience. Danger recognition.

2 What skills do I want the game to require? 
	None.

3 What skills are optional? 
	Timing. Reading. Critical thinking.

Qualifying 1: It is a maze, requires patience. It will have obstacles.
Qualifying 3:
	The timing can get even tighter if the player voluntarily takes more difficult routes.  A reward system can be implemented, like shortcuts.
	
	Critical thinking can be added by improving performance through voluntary planning and solving problems.
	Talk to several NPCs:
	the smarter one may be a guide.
	a much simpler challenge can be offered.
	A map reveal for a very difficult maze.
	
Assume the game progresses like Mistry 1

1	Make easier
	There's a merchant that sells maps, or you can get a free description.
	There's a child who plays in the maze and knows of treasure.
	
2	Make harder
	Angering a gang add obstacles
	Following disreputable guides places you in dead ends of a maze
	
3	Shortcuts
	A shift in the maze can make it longer, but a well timed dash through shifting walls can shorten it.
	
	A shorter path can have more obstacles.
	
Other elements:
Level design takes a while to create good mazes.  It's even longer to add extra dangers and shortcuts.
Art can add confidence in the game's design and display competency that's easier to see.
Music has an underpinning affect on audiences.

Additional art can improve the NPC.
Writing can improve the NPC dialogue. It can also greatly enhance the critical thinking required, and balance difficulty of discussions.
Playtest will confirm if timing / challenge is worth it.